THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, MONDAY DECEMBER 11 1905
ARMY AND NAVY.
(from our own correspondent).
London, Dec. 6.
Major-General J. H. Wodehouse, C.B., C.M.G., an officer who made a great name in Egypt, commanding the Second (Rawal Pindi) Division of the Northern Army, has been promoted lieutenant-general ini succession to Sir W. F. Butler, K.C.B, retired on retired pay. It is close on thirty-four years since this distinguished officer, the son of a distinguished naval officer—Admiral George Wodehouse—donned the blue uniform of the Royal Regiment of Artillery. Getting his "jacket” in the Royal Horse Artillery afterwards, he served with that arm in the Zu'u. War of 1879, including the battle of Ulundi (medal with clasp). and in the Afghan War of 1880 he saw further service, including the smart action of Charasiah (mentioned in despatches, medal with clasp). In Sir Gerald Graham’s Sudan Expedition of  1884-85 he participated in the desperate hand-to-hand encounters of El Teb and Temai (mentioned in despatches, brevet of major, medal with clasps and Khedive’s star), and he gained further honors in the Nile Expedition of 1884-85, including the struggle at Kirbekan (two clasps). Joining the army of the Khedive he did good service in the operations of the Sudan Frontier Field Force from the decisive action of Giniss to the engagements of Arguin, in which be defeated the Emir Wad en-Nejuna, and T- ski (mentioned in despatches, C.B. clasp. 2nd class Medjidieh and 2nd class Osmanieh). His last active service was in the North West Frontier Campaign, when he commanded the Third Infantry Brigade, a new one which bad been formed to watch the Buner border. After the pacification of the Swat country, General Wodehouse commanded his own brigade and Colonel Reid’s force which so cleverely seized the bridge of the Pankjora in the nick of time,
 as it was the gate of the Chitral. Unfortunately  he was wounded in the attack on his camp at Nawagai and had to give the command of his brigade to General Graves. The greater part of the opposition, however, had then been broken down, and General Wodehouse's services were recognised by a well-earned mention in despatches and the usual decoration for the campaign.
Captain A. J. B. Perceval, D.S.O., who is  serving in the Egyptian Army, will be shortly promoted major in his regiment--the Northumberland Fusiliers, the old “Fighting Fifth.”
Brevet-Major F. J. L. Howard, A.S.C., on return home from Egypt, has been posted to the command of the 20 th Company at Alder-shot
Second Lieutenant W. R. Meredith, 2nd Battalion Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, Cairo, has been promoted lieutenant after a little over three years' service. Second Lieutenant S.S. Duffin, from the 5th Battalion Royal Irish Rifles, and Second Lieutenant M. Hammond-Smith, from the 6th Battalion Worcestershire Regiment, have been appointed to the Inniskillings and will join the 2nd Battalion eventually.
The personnel of the Committee appointed by the War Office to inquire into the whole question of employment for ex-soldiers could hardly be improved on. With Sir Edward Ward as chairman, and special qualifications  for the work in hand attaching to each of the six members, Mr. Arnold-Forster has done all he can to ensure a more or less successful outcome. The committee will have to take great care, nevertheless, to avoid the crippling of ary unofficial voluntary organisations already engaged in the same labour. Among the terms of reference is included one empowering the Committee, should they see fit, to recommend the co-ordination of these organisations in one council, “under official auspioes.” In itself, the proposal has an innocuous appearance, but the public would greatly prefer, we feel assured, to eliminate even the possibility of the various private societies being subjected to War Office control. There should be no occasion, moreover, for that interference ; the State has its own sphere of co operation so clearly marked out as to prevent any overlapping. In the last annual report on recruiting it was stated that out of 25,498 ex-soldiers who had passed into civilian life, 21,815 had secured some sort of employment, whether permanent or temporary. That seems to show a fairly satisfactory condition of' affairs, but we strongly suspect that the State took very little part in helping the movement. Except in the Post Office, there still exists a most lamentable departmental disposition to fill the lower grades with voting men who have shirked that primary duty of good citizen ship the qualifying themselves to take per sonal part in the defence of the kingdom. We trust that the committee will speak out very plainly on that point.
The Drake, flagship of H. S. H. Prince Louis of Battenberg, commanding the Second Cruiser Squadron, has again asserted her claim to be the fastest cruiser afloat. In her recent run from Sandy Hook to "Gib” she covered the trip in 7 days, 7 hours and 10 minutes. The run was made at an average speed of 18. knots per hour. The voyage was never made previously by any warship in that time. The propellors, which give the Drake such speed, are likened to bent pennies. They have been applied to other cruisers but with less success..
In the near future the German naval superiority to France will become conspicuous unless a special effort at once be made to counteract the activity in German dockyards It is interesting to note that the world at large and England in particular cannot be indifferent to any marked decline in the relative strength of the French navy. The pre sent friendly relations between France and England only slightly affect the question. All such pleasant relations are liable to change but the maintenance of the balance of sea power affords some guarantee of the European peace.
SPORT AND PLAY.
FOOTBALL.
SPORTING CLUB v. E.T.C.
This match was played on Saturday last before a good turn-out of spectators, who witnessed a fast and interesting game. Early in the first half  the Sporting Club were awarded a penalty-kick which the offence hardly justified, and Crosier, who took the kick, made no mi-take. Spurred by this reverie the E.T.C. made several good runs and Henley cent in a couple of hot shots which were well cleared. Keeping up the pressure, a nice combined movement gave Willmott an opportunity, but his shot—a terrific one—hit the bar. As it rebounded, however, Byrne netted, thus equalising. But for magnificent saving on the part of the club's' custodian the E.T.C must have crossed over with a good lead. He dealt with some very nasty shots in a masterly manner. In the second half the dub had more of the play, Carver and Macaulay on the left and Barnard on the right putting in some good work, but the ET.C. defence proved equal to all demands, Lees and G. McLean keeping the opposition at a respectful distance from Dawson. Carver occupied quite a new position at outside left and gave Townsend plenty to occupy him. Barnard on the other side was giving Collier something to think about and the two had several interesting tussles. A great thorn in the side of the E.T.C. offence was Mustard, whose tackling and kicking were excellent. Nothing more was scored and a pleasant game ended in a draw of one goal each.
Next Saturday the Sporting Club entertain St. Andrew’s at Ibrahimieh.
GOLF AT MBNA.
The temporary golf links at Mena House Hotel have been opened and are well patronised by visitors. The large golf links will be ready earlier this season than in previous years—it is hoped by 'Xmas time.
RIFLE SHOOTING.
CAIRO BRITISH RIFLE CLUB v. R. E. The following were the scores in this match, which was shot off last Friday and resulted in a win for the Cairo B.RC., whose opponents arrived one short, Mr. Williamson shooting as No. 6:
Cairo B.R C.
Mr. Craig	32	+	33	+	23	88
„	Wolff	32	+	28	+	23	83
„	McDonald	29	+	31	+	28	88
„	Blake	28	+	29	+	20	77
„	Kearney	27	+	28	+	23	78
Hon. F. Lindley	31	+	31	+	22	84
498
R. E.
Sapper Coleman	22	+	24	+	21	67
Corp. Robertson	33	+	20	+	27	80
„ Harn	32	+	30	+	18	80
„ Le Marquand	22	+	25	+	14	61
Serg. Probert	31	+	28	+	30	89
Mr.Williamson(sub)25 + 20 + 23	68
445
\
Calendar of Coming Events.
ALEXANDRIA.
December.
Mon. 11 Zizinia Theatre. Italian opera company in Fedora. 9.
 Alhambra. French operetta company in La Périchole. 9.15.
Sat 16 Mustapha Rifle Range. Practice by B. R. C 2.30.
Scotch Schools Fellow Workers' Union, Sale of Work. St Andrew’s High School (near H.B.M.'s Con sulate). 3.
St Andrew v. A. S. C. F.C., Sporting Club ground. 3.30.
Wed. 20 Cercle Khedivial. First Dance of Season.
Thurs. 21 Sailors and Soldiers’ Institute. Sale of Work and ’Xmas Tree. 3.
Fri. 29 Merchant Seamen’s Home. 'Xmas  Tree.
CAIRO.
December.
Mon. 11 Khedivial Opera House. French comedy company. 9.
Esbekieh Theatre. Greek company. 9. Theatre des Nouveautés. 9.30. Alcazar Parisien. 9.30.
Fri. 15 Zoological Gardens. Ghizeh Boys' Band. Afternoon.
Sat 16 Savoy Hotel. Small Dance. 10pm. Sun. 17 Zoological Gardens. E A. Infantry Band. Afternoon.
Mon. 18 Connaught House. Y.W.C.A. Annual Sale Of Work, opened by the Countess of Cromer.
Tues. 26 Meeting Salt & Soda Co, 3.
AMERICAN
BHFUGEHATOBS £4 to £20-DESKR£5 to £26 TYPEWRITERS £6 to £20. SIWINO MACHIHSS £S TO £16.
LA QUESTION DES LOYERS
. \7u f.it carco'ririatiqaa das tamps nonveaux o’rst l'intarfit croissant qua j reenact les olassas dirigeantes en Europe au soulagamant das classes laborieuses. Cette solliaitude s attache particulie tmoat h rriduire le adt des loyers qui tend k prendre ud pen partout das' pro portions ex* gurries. Eu intarvenant par lenrs faveurs et leors oapitaux les gonvernements europdens s’efloroent de dinrinuer repression et Sexploitation qne les prop’ndtaires font pesar en particulier snr la popnlation des grandee villas.
Void, k titre de renseignement, nn rdsumd des observations qo’un dminent dconrmistal/i reooeilli an oonrs d’une dtnda qu’il a foite en Allemagne.-r
a
a a
Eu Aliomagne (as grandes administrations noh&tent ou lonent poor lenrs employds des maisons oh ellea donoent on soos-looeot des logejnenta k leur personnel; d'autre part, grkoe k des pidts faits k des socidtda ooopdretire*, ayant nn bat de prdvoyance, l’Empire a oher-ohd k faire construire de petites habitations poor sea employds les moios rdtribuds et pour les oovriera des services publios.
Dans las dnq dernidre* anodes l’Etat Alla-mand a oonsaerd 25 midions k cetta (Bam.
De pins, due terrains poor la oonstruotioa d'antres maisons ont dtd enoore aohetds rdoem-ment.
Ainsi, depuis 1908 las ooopdr&tives ont pn oonstruite 8000 appartements en pirn des I 6000 appurtei a.jt k J’E at des milliers de .mat-sous coustruites aveo lee 137 millions pr4ids aux institutions d’asanranoes qui enooaragent lea constructions doonomiqoea.
L’Etat aide dgalement k aea constructions par la oonre<sion a des sooid ds ooopdratives muyeunant une ldgire annattd et pour udo loogu^pdriode de temps, de 65 k 80 ans. de terrains appurtenant an domaiue.
En 1903, il avait ddjk acquis dans oe but environ 850.000 metres oarrds de terrain k bk-tir poor one odpense k peine supdrieure k denx millions et demt de franos.
Par oonsdquent, l’Btat donne ainsi le terrain et l'argent poor construire. II va plus loin, il toun.it les plans, les rkglemeots, les projets fi n«nc e:>', h;s dev is complete, de sorte qbe les ■ooidtds coopdratives no sont en rdalitd qbe dee soc.dtds d'utilitd pnbliqne aontenues par I’Btat dont elies ddrivent direotement
L’Biat tronve l’argent ponr oonstroire direo-tement on prfltor les oapitaux ndoessairae k des sooidtds de c oostruotioo.
Depiia 1898, il amdrne rdduit letaox .des loyers qui dtait da 4.50pour ohaqoe oent francs de capital employd k 4 %, se rdpartisant ainsi:
Imdidt . . . .........................,8 %
Administration et manntention ...	1 %
8oit . 4 %
Cela permet de donner k des pr x trd* donx. Quant par des circonstanoes locales et excep-ttonnelles la location ne pent montcr jn.qu’k 4 % da capital total, tandis qu’il y a brsoin vbsoln d'amdliorer les habitations des agents' de l’Etat, la diffdrenoe doit due im-onte an bndaer. des administrations respeotives, k titre de oonoonrs.
Ponr lee employd* dechemins defer.on a prd-fdrd an type de maisons k truis dtages aveo six appartqments de deux et de qnatre obambres ohaomi.ayaut 28.6 k 45metres da supetfioie; les ewtplovds moyens ont de 4 k 5 chambres d’nne snperfioie de 68 mq. On soigne beanoonp les aroeisoirts, placards, cabinets, cabinets de toilette, grentere, eto... Dsns les maisons oons-tmites dans la campagne on ayonte one donrie aveo one petite prairie et on jsrdin potager.
Ponr I’administration des travanx publics le type des maisons n’a qn’nn on denx dtages. Les maisons k trois dtages ont dtd adoptdes seolement dans l’iotdrienr dee villea	|
Ponr les oovriera dee minee les maisons sont faites ponr denx families.
Poor les employds les maisons se oomposent de qnatre appartements de qnatre k oil q oham- • bres rhaooD, y oompris la oniaine, et d’une i snpetfioie ntilisable ae 98 mq.
Qaant anx rouagee financiers, void oomment ils foDctionnent :
Les pidts faits par l’Eut sont aooordda:	|
Jasqu’k 90 % dela valenr totale dels maison, terrain et ooDStrnotion ; ou bien jusqu’k JO" % du ooAt de la oonstruotioa de la rnau-on seule.
Mais il 'aat noter que TBret gdi dralement I ooncddn seulement la aeooode moitid du oapital ndeessaire et se contente d’une seconds hypo-! tbdqnp prdsomant qne la premibre moitid du prfct, ebuvorte par la premidre bypothdqoe est facilement ontenne dans les Cslssea ou les dtablisaements de Crddit fonder. Cela enoouraga dans one trdi large meture la eons-trootion de maisons de la part des soddtds ooopdratives.
Supposons, en effet, qne I’Etat dispose de 10 millions ponr pidts anx sooid'ds coopdratives k ; rai*on d'un demi-million k ebaonne. S'il lenr J accorde le oapital entier, ohaoune d’elle* oons-truit poor un demi-million et on fait poor dix millions de maisons.
Par la mdthode du gouvernemeut prussien ! lea ooopdratives empruuteut dix millions au Crddit fonder aur premide hypothkqne et 10 millions k l'E'at sor seoondn hypotbdqne ; ainri le gonveraement en prdtaut senlement dix millions obtient la oonstradtfon de 20 millions de maisons,
L’intdrdt sor lea rmpronta en faveur de l’Btat est de 8% par an. Mais il taut noter qne le oonsolidd prussien 8 % est au pair. L’amor-ti-wement est d'un %, oe qni fait one annuitd
de 4%.
Ce sont environ 16,400 appartements qce I’Btat prnsrien a prdpsrd poor sas emplcdda «t oovriera en dvitant k antant de Umilles I’exploitation de* propridtaire*. 8nr oes 16,400 eppartaments, environ 6000 son- ocoopd* par les employds dee obemins de fer.
Le priwnoyende ohao .nd* eee wpartraents oonstroita par I’Btat est de fr. If 00, et le pnx moyen de location eet.de 208 Iran oe par an, poit 16.60 par mots ; prix qni dialog enoore dans les petits oentresr
Voil* lee norifieee que s'impoeent l’Etat et lea administrations en go rope.
^Et en Bgpite qo’a-t-on fait jnsqu’id poor la
Rien on k pen prd. On s'eat ooi tentd He di«-onter fa qnamion. Mais il en iMt dee lryara ormtre de Vrate oeuvre pMlantbrdpfqoe, il fant la donble oonoonrs de 1’initfatfve privde et Ha la ooopdratfon dn Goovernemrat ponrarriv»r k ad ‘rdldltat. D»n» on pays surtoot oh 1’inaon-oiance des ftartiouliers art provedbiale l'inter-rtntion de lHStat est (ndiipenikble.
Circulaire H. de Vries et Boutigny
NOTES ET CRITIQUES
Le Cairo, 9 ddoembre.
Aeoalmie sur les marohda oooidentanx. Le ConsoliHd anglais et lea actres foods d'Etat restent presqoe invarids. Secies lee valeors deyptiennee sont renaeigndas en meilleure ten danqe k Londrea: la National Bank et l'Agri-oole ont gagnd 1/8. A Paris, 1’aethA Crddit Fonoier a, par oontre, fldchi de 2 franco.
•
Id le marohd oontinue k fitro oalme et sane affaires. La National Bank o'fltnre k 25 6/16. La plupart des antree Valeors restent k lenrs prix d'hier.
La Land Allotment, dont les titre* *eront. mis en draulation londipreohaiD, fldohitk 88/4* et la part de fonda'eurV 90 P.R
L’aotion privildgide Tramway* d’Alexandrie s’iuscrit k 160.)	'
Parmi lee pdtitee valours, le* Estates sont k £ 11/16 et lee Hooker k 7/8—16/16.
On parle d’un prejet de fusion entra la Salt aad Soda et la Port-Said Salt Aseodation.
Des ndgoc'ations se poursuivraient k Londres, mail on ne sanrait encre se prononoer snr lenr issoe, ogr on serait enoore. loin d’avoir posd les bases definitives de laoombinaison projetde.
Non* oroyons savoirque toot oeqniadtddit oes jours dsroiers au sujet ds 1'arraDgement rela-tif aux Sucreriea et Raffinerie d'Egypte e*t inexact.
Les propositions prdsentdes ont dtdoompldte-ment moHifide*. et suivant touts* lee appa-renoes, l'affdre restera en suspeus pendant trois aha
Lea obligataires renonoeront k toucher lenrs coupons et le* c-danders sooepteront dee obligations en paiemrnt ds lenrs traits*.
M. P. Glymenopoulo, coo*ei)l*r munidpal de la ville d’Alexandria st proraotear de k Trust and Investment Company, est de retour k Alexandria depuis quelqnew jours.
On nous informs quo notra excellent ami a rapporfd d'Europe denx' on trois brillsntae affaires dont il'se propose de faire bdndfider le pays.
Il serait prindpalement question d’nne Ban. qoe dont le oapital seraitdemandd aux sotion-nairas du Trust et ^’un^Sooidtddeoonstroetion qni iwpteBdnit immddiatement. le capital de k Benqne.	fL.' ’
Inutile d’ajouter que M. Glymenopoulo pr* tera, oomme tonjenre, son ooncoors le pins ddgintdressd k k idumite de oes projeta.
'	u*e
Cor fonxi^ment sox prdvi*inrs qoe nous dmet-tiotis iJ y a ^nelqoes jo », il y a en hier. k U Bourse d’Alexandrie, on bon monvement snr lee actions ordinsires de k Khedivial Mail Lina.
De nombrenres transactions ont 4*1 prafi-qodes entre 22/6 et 23/9 et on a elfitnrd farms k oe dernier prix> ^
Dais k mime pdanoe lee privildgide* d^e Tramways 6nt dtd poossdes de 156 franes k 162 f
Le total gdndral des reoettes de la Delta Light Railway Company (ligne d’Htlooan oomprise) poor k pdriode s’d tend ant. dn ler janvier au 2 ddoembre 1906 prdeente no snrplns de L B 6794 snr le rdsultet obtenn pendant la mdme pdriode en 1904,'
(
Le* oonrs de Liverpool sont dgalemeut en beisse dtat 6.21.
I^s td’dgrkmmes d’Amdriqne aononcent one asset forte baisse snr le coton : le Mai a fldohi hier de 93 points et le Jain de 27.
Les arriveges sont toujonra restreints, soit 47,riOO oontre 68,000.
Ioi le Mars a onvert anjnnrd’hni k 16jV ponr fldchir k f5}| et o’6tnrer k 16.
e
e •
Non* prions oeox de nos leotenrs qni ne reoevrmient pa* rdgulidrement notre Ciroukire de non* eviser en plus tdt, ’afin qoe nous pre-nions led mem res ndoessairee.
MM. H. de Vries e*. Boutigny, agents de obange, se ohargent de l’exdoution de tons orHres de Bhnr*e (valeors et marchmHise*) sur le* marohds dn Londres, Paris, Bruxellen, Anver*, Liverpool et New-York. La Cireulaire quotidian oe de k maison esk envoyde snr demands.
5 Frtne* a D*y and Bore Earned bj bout Work. Knitting Machine Company.
flS fll Persons oi both sexes ‘ '>■ I M wsnted to sfork wi'h onr W Knitting Machine. Simple d and prompt work the whole niL|«Sa? year by staying at borne ifflCTX	Preliminary oondition*
\ peegdleu. Distance no olriact. Wfl boy tbe work done. Twfe H. WHimcx & Co., kaknrs of Knittiirrf Mtchioee for homo use, 18, via Campanile, Trieste.
2689f— 3a 1
SAMUELSQN A SON8.
A.&M.SAMUELSON BROS.
Suoeeaasre.
Ratnbllahed In tseo.
Largest and Oldest Fanritnre House in Cairo.
Abctiowexm ARD Valoxbr.
Large Stook of Bedsteeds, Bed room, Dining-room, Drawing rorm 8nites.
Cortsine, eto.. eta, e'w»ys on Show. Sharia Ghknxnfh Fzaxxnm,
Orroem ran wxxicah MmnoVr Telephone No. 890.
M8T540.4.904
Cheap Prepaid Advertisements
Under this heading advertisements are inserted at the following rates :--
ONCE 8 TIMES 6 TIMES 15 words	. . .	P.T.	 5	P.T. 10 	  	P.T. 15
30 words	...	„	8	,,	16   „	24
Every 10 words,	,,2,,4,,6
beyond 30 . .
The address is counted. The advertisement must appear on consecutive days for above rates to be obtained. 50% extra is charged the advertisements not appearing consecutively.
All such advertisements must be prepaid, and to this rule no exception whatever will be made. Letters in reply to advertise-ments will be posted to any address if a few stamps are sent by the advertiser to cover postage.
Agard's International Industries and Trade Marks Register.
A useful business directory containing addresses of all imperial business firms of Great Britain the xxxxxxxx and Egypt. Circulating all over Europe and America. Price -- One pound xxxxxxxxx. Post free.
Agard's International Hotel Guide sent post free to all first class Hotels throughout Europe, America, the Colonies and Egypt. The best reference book for travelers.
Anglo American Typewriting Agency, 19, Boulevard de Ramleh. Only English Typewriting Office in Alexandria. Typewriting by copy or by dictation. Densmore Typewriter, (Official Typewriter of the St. Louis Exhibition). "Success" Typewriter Supplies at London prices. Cleaning and refitting of all typewriters. 26689A-6.5.906
A YOUNG ENGLISHMAN, knowing French, seeks employment in Alexandria. Reply, No. 26,896 "Egyptian Gazette" offices. 20896-6-1
Blick Typewriters, No. 5, No. 7. W.T. Emmens, 99 Rue Attarine, Alexandria, Address, Post Office Box 85. 30-9-905A
Borman and Co. Suits to measure ; latest styles ; best English cloth. Overcoats a specialty. 26884-6-2
Borman and Co. for Gentlemen's underclothing of all kinds; socks, handkerchiefs, umbrellas, and Gladstone bags. 26885-6-2
Borman and Co. for flannels, flannelettes, ladies' stockings, table linen, and napkins, table centres, and children's dresses. 26886-6-2
Borman and Co. for Christmas presents, consisting of writing cases and desks, photoframes, perfumery, purses, albums, and other goods too numerous to mention. Children's books and Christmas cards. 26887-6-2
Companies, firms, capitalists, and banks, who wish to invest money on land loans, buy lands in the Fayoum, or search for minerals or antiquities, may obtain accurate information from Dr. J. K. Gabril, Fayoum (sixteen years' experience of the province and the desert around). 26818-40-8
Dry Royal. The genuine "Dry Royal" champagne of Ackerman Laurents, of St. Hilaire, St. Fleurent, is to be obtained for P.T. 170 per case of dozen bottles from Messrs. Alberti and Joly, 3 Cleopatra-street, Alexandria. (Telephone 1658). 26835-15-7
Energetic, well educated young man, with good knowledge of English, French, and Greek, and useful Arabic, seeks better position. Has very good certificates. Cairo, Sudan preferred. Apply No. 26,846, "Egyptian Gazette” offices.	26846-6-6
Ouvriers Typographes demandes de suite. S'adresser aux bureaux de "l'Egyptian Gazette."
Pension Iorio, rue Cherif Pacha No. 1, Belles chan bres. Abonnement menauel a la table d'hote 3, Salon separe service special 4. 26845-12-6
Shorthand, Typewriting. Englishman, (23), excellent references, and some office experience, would be glad to enter employ of a Commercial Firm wanting a Stenographer, knows French, German, Greek. Apply to No. 26,838 "Egyptian Gazette" offices. 26838-29-2
To Let. House at Bulkeley, one minute from the station, six rooms, bath-room, kitchen, cellars, electric light, telephone, garden, and every convenience. Apply to Miss Baker, Hotel du Nil, Alexandria. 26798 6A-6
YOUNG ENGLISHMAN (25), strong, healthy, requires open-air position in any part of Egypt or Sudan. Quick leaner of duties, keen worker; would accept L.E. 10 per month first year. Good references, very steady. Apply to J. Aubrey, Poste Restante, Cairo. 26855-6-6
Wanted a mechanical engineer to act as working foreman in an engineering and contracting establishment. Address, stating experience and salary expected, to X.Y.Z., Office "Egyptian Gazette." 26868-6-4
HOWIE & Co.
(THE HYQIKINIQ n^TpVl
DBLIVBR TWIOB DAILY CREAM, BUtTRR, j ^
p. a £10*671* ****
OAVES
BRYAN
&Go.
Continental Hotel Buildings
CAIRO.
St. David's Buildings.
ALEXANDRIA.
Slid 35 - 37 Noble Street
LORJDQir. *.c.
English Tailors, Drapers and Outfitters.
TRAVELLING	R
ooitntiMSD oiks recite.
SOLID LSATHRB OVERLAND THUMBS. >•/. GLADSTONE to KIT BAGS. i SUIT OASES, BUGS, tot,
ATHLETIC OOOD8:
A VARIED BJDCX, INCLUDING
Slazenger’s Doherty
“E.G.M.” Demon:
AND
Ayr*’* Central
Strung Racquet$.
TENNIS BALLS
FRESH SUPPLY WEEKLY.
MOTS* SHOES.
All fhe, neweet Anpee in tbe beet English makeeV—
BUCKSKIN TENNJ8 lO^T AT f 1
A SPEO^Lftt. . Owing to the inoreaaed bugfneee in this Department a he# Show-redin has beta fitted op wbelre better attention can be gr*m to OoMWto
CLOTHS:
The largest Htoek in Egypt oi Cloths of the beet British Mann-faotnre :
TROPICAL TWEEDS, FLA^ULf,PRILLS, &o., &c.
All gannehta eat by experienced duttert/Tit Nhd ’style gna-
GENTS’OUTFiniMG:
The newest Shades in Orepe de Ohene Ties.
Cellular, Oxford, Zephyr Shirts and Pyjamas in peat variety}
Soecial Attention paid to Shirts Made to Measure.
HOSIERY AND UNDBfi&LOtHING
w ths bbt mxrt
PANAMA, STRAW, to FELT HAT8J CORK to PITH HELMETS.
GAPS.
HOUSEHOLD LINEN AT SPECIALLY CHEAP PRICES.
TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, SHEETS,
iSD pillow Cases, flannelettes, viybldas and : Ceylon flank®-*
BOAT. F3PfFUMMY< x BUBBKB SPONGES, BBUBB8, BTUm MIBBOBS (Man «
B fountain PHOT,
Davies- Bryan, & ’€o„
Cairo * AUzaaCrt*
un
