THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1905.
RISING OF RUSSIAN PEASANTRY.
FLIGHT OF LANDOWNERS. MARTIAL LAW AT RIGA
St. Petersburg, December 15.
Practically the whole peasantry of the Riga district have risen. Landowners are fleeing to the capital. There are many killed. Railway and telegraphic communications are cut. Fighting is reported to be going on in the streets of Riga. The red flag is flying from the Government  buildings.	t
Part of the Cossacks in Manchuria have been urgently summoned to assist in the repression of the agrarian risings. (Reuter)
St. Petersburg, December 15.
Martial law has been proclaimed at Merv.
Telegraph and railway communications with that city and Ashkhabad are interrupted.
The Government buildings at Riga are burning. The inhabitants are fleeing. The streets are barricaded. Martial law has been proclaimed but is ineffective, owing to insufficiency of troops. Accounts of agrarian disorders and rioting continue to be received from all parts of Russia.	 (Reuter)
St. Petersburg, December 15.
General Linievitch telegraphs that half of the effective troops have mutinied. (Havas)
GERMANY AND ENGLAND.
CAUSE OF PRESENT CRISIS.
Berlin, December 15.
Count von Bulow again asserted at length Germany's innocence of aggressive plans against England. He denied that Germany had ever been on the point of declaring war on Great Britain. The cause of the present crisis in the relations between the two countries is a mystery. Such stories as that of a violent collision between the Emperor and King Edward were idiotic lies. He vigorously attacked the Social-Democrats, whose constant representations of Germany as a disturbe of the peace have contributed to the present British mistrust of Germany.	-	(Reuter)
WAR OFFICE FINANCIAL
SECRETARY.
London, December 15.
Mr. Buchanan is appointed Financial Secretary at the War Office.	(Reuter)
PREMIER'S FIRST SPEECH.
London, December 15.
Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman will deliver his first speech at a great demonstration in the Albert Hall on the 22nd inst.  (Reuter)
FRANCE AND GERMANY.
EFFECT OF YELLOW BOOK. 
Paris, December 15.—
The Yellow Book has greatly stirred public opinion. The newspapers unanimously contrast the studied moderation and peacefulness of French diplomacy with the aggressive tone; and methods of Germany.	(Reuter)

ANTI-MILITARISM IN FRANCE.
Paris, December 15.
In consequence of interpellations on the Bourses de Travail, the Chamber has voted the placarding of M De chanel's speech condemn-ing the anti-militarist propaganda. (Havas)
RECALL 0F INTERNATIONAL FLEET.
Constantinople, December 15.
The recall of the international fleet is imminent	(Havas)
NEW KHEDIVIAL HOTEL
C . A I R O .
Ballt la IVS4. Modern ifouM . Hplttdid illuatloa. Elerlrlo Light
Rooms and Breakfast P.T. it.— Meals a la Carta.
M7W-M-11-SM
WINDSOR HOTEL Restaurant
Table d'Hote Luncheons A Dinner* Served on the Torrecp.
DELIGHTFUL SITUATION.
CARLTON HOTEL,
BOlKKLfV (near Alexandria.)
HAMLKB’B FASHIONABLY HOTEL.
PATWONISID BT TH1 SLITS.
r«ii — ma p.t. m ><sr- vuun mm Caire alight a* eilH<Mh«> auaum.
0 AOUILINfrV.Prcler
LOCAL AND GENERAL
	
H. H. S. Aida.	
The Aida left Alexandria yesterday for the
Red Sea.
Supreme Consular Court.
Judge Cator will arrive at Alexandria on Monday next, and the sittings of the 8upreme Consular Court will commerce on Tuesday. Cairo Offices.
The Cairo offices of the  "Egyptian Gazette" are situated at No. 1 Sharia Zervudachi, opposite the Agricultural Bank. Our Cairo Correspondent is Mr. P. P. Graves.
'Xmas Tree.			
On 'Xmas eve (Sunday 24th inst) there will be a 'Xmas Tree entertainment with tea in the big dining-hall of Mens House Hotel. The Bracale Orchestra and a choir will perform during the afternoon.
New Streets at Menouf.
The Ministry of Public Works has decided on the creation of two broad streets in Menouf one from north to south and the other from east to west. The cost of the undertaking has been estimated (says a native contemporary) at L.E. 35,000.
Jailors Bribed.	
A council of discipline, held at the Alex-andria Gouvernorat, under the presidency of the Sub-Governor, has condemned Fadl'El Roubi, head jailor, and Saleh El Negdi, a shaweesh of Hadra prison, to two months’ imprisonment for receiving bribes from prisoners.
Coal Imports.
From the 1st of January to the 14th of December 1,003443 tons of coal were imported into Egypt. Wales sent 542,532, Newcastle 224,838, Scotland 119,204, Yorkshire 76,748 and other places 40,041 tons. During the same period of 1901 1,022,610 tons were received.
Orchestra for Mena House.	
M. Bracale’s orchestra will in future play every Sunday and Thursday during lunch and in the afternoon on the terrace of Mena House Hotel, beginning from to-morrow. Every fort-night the same orchestra will play for dinner and for a dance. The first dance takes place on the 26tth inst.
Army Lectures.
The course of lectures instituted last winter for the benefit of the Cairo garrison will be resumed on Thursday. 21st inst, when Brig.-General Bullock, C. B.. will lecture on "Essay Writing.” These lectures will take place every Thursday at 6 p.m. in the Model Room, Headquarters, until further notice.
Commercial Assessors.
The elections of the commercial assessors for the Cairo Mixed Courts will probably take place on the 24th inst. The number of residents, capable of being electors or elected, are as follows : Germans, 30 ; Austrians and Hungarians, 31; Danes, 1 ; French 36; English, 47 ; Belgians, 2 : Greeks, 61; Italians, 59 ; Dutch, 2; Russian, 2.
The Sphinx.
This week’s issue of our bright weekly contemporary is fully up to its predecessors and should be in the hands of every visitor to Egypt, as well as those who take an interest in the "somebodies" who are flocking to our capital for warmth and enjoyment. Besides chatty paragraphs about distinguished tourists there are articles of interest to both sexes. Connaught House, Cairo.
A sale of work at Connaught House, Y. W. C. A., Cairo, will take place on Monday, 18th inst. It will be opened by the Countess of Cromer at 3.30 p m. Tickets, admitting also to a musical recital kindly arranged by Signor Valentini. P.T. 10 each. The sale will be continued on the evening of Tuesday, 19th inst., at 8 o’clock, Brigadier General Bullock, C B., presiding.
EXHIBITION OF THE SOCIETE DES BEAUX ARTS.
At 2.30 p.m. on Thursday the Exhibition of the Société des Beaux Arts was formally opened by M. and Mme. de la Boulinière, and for the rest of the afternoon the rooms in Rus Kamel, Cairo, were crowded with a large and appre-ciative audience. Among those present were H.H. Prince Haidar, Prince Ali Fazil, M. Smyrnoff, M. Nettement, Baron and Barone's von Trauttenberg, M. and Mme. Muller, Abbate Pasha, Gallini Pasha, Dr. and Mme. Comanos Pasha, M. and Mme. Heller, M. and Mme. Shekri Ganem, M. Sciortino, Mustapha Pasha Kamel, Omar Bey Sultan, Chakour Pasha and Mme. Chakour, M.M. E. and G. Cattani, Imadedin Bey Wahby, Cav. and Mme. Zeppa, M. P. Oziol. M. Shenon, and many more.
Among the pictures that were most admired were Rochegrosse's splendid "New Arrival at the Harem," Roybet's "African," Lazargnes’ "Caravans," a Saharan scene, a fine landscape by Trouillebert, Dulnard's  "Gentleman Louis XIII ,” some admirable pastels by Levy-Dormer, etc., etc.
The exhibition is open from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. and is well worth visiting by residents and tourists alike.
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The S.S. Egyptian Prince left Manchester on Thursday, and is due at Alexandria, via Tunis and Malta, on or about Dec. 29.
The S.S. Trojan Prince, from Manchester, left Malta yesterday, and is due to arrive at Alexandria on Tuesday morning.
The Moss liner Newpthah sailed from Malta this morning and is due here on Tuesday afternoon with passengers, mails, general cargo.
DEPUTATION SNUBBED BY THE TSAR
“HIS INFLEXIBLE WILL.”
(Gazette's Special Service. ) London, Saturday. Dee. 16.
The Tsar yesterday snubbed a deputation of reactionaries, stating that his manifesto of the 30th October last was a complete and deliberate expression of “my inflexible and unchangeable will,” which admitted of no alteration. His Majesty urged them to help in carrying out the necessary reforms speedily and with firm power to re-establish order in the country.
EGYPT'S TRADE.
LAST MONTH’S RETURNS.
The imports into Egypt daring last month show a decline on those during the corresponding month of 1904. This decrease amounts to L.E. 477.784. But the total increase of imports for the eleven months of the year from January to November is LE. 1,049,916. Great Britain shared in the general falling-off of imports last month, importing only L.E. 557,164 worth of goods as against L.E. 829 858 for the previous November. But in the general increase of imports daring the eleven months Great Britain’s increased imports amount to L.E. 6,115,594, as against L.E. 6,045,234 for the same period in 1904.
More than half of the decrease in, imports for last month is due to the falling-off in textiles, which show a decrease of L.E. 267,365 on the corresponding month of last year.
The exports for last month show an increase of L.E. 195,591 over those for November, 1904, but the total exports for the eleven months show a decrease of L.E. 522,147, which is accounted for by the falling off in the cotton exports by L.E. 1,040,671, as compared with the corresponding months in the previous year.
EGYPTIAN TRUST AND INVESTMENT.
Yesterday, the contract was definitely signed in regard to the sale of the Ghourban estate, in which the Egyptian Trust and Investment Limited, is largely interested, and upon which a handsome profit has been effected. We hear that a sum of £10,000, a part of the proceeds of the sale, has been handed over to the Egyptian Trust and Investment.
We understand that Mr. Glymenopoulo is in the best of health, but is taking a week or two of repose before settling down thoroughly to business again. He is, nevertheless, attending daily to the interests and welfare of the company.
PENNY POSTAGE.
Yesterday, on the occasion of the inauguration of penny postage between the United Kingdom and Egypt very cordial telegrams were exchanged between the G. P O, Alexandria, and the G. P. O. London.
THE KHEDIVE. 
H. H. the Khedive has returned from Monzah to Koubbeh.
His Highness will come in to Abdeen Palace on Monday morning from Koubbeh, and will grant several audiences.
ESNEH BARRAGE.
At its sitting next week the Council of Mi nisters will approve the expropriations neces sary for the construction of the Esneh Barrage.
GUARD-SHIP FOR PORT SAID.
We understand that a British guard-ship from the Mediterranean Squadron will be stationed at fort Said in the near future.
RED SEA PIRATES.
Three Turkish torpedo boats have left the Golden Horn for the Red Sea to put down the piracy practised by the Arabs.
EXCITEMENT AT BEYROUT.
Our Beyrout Correspondent writes :-We have had quite an exciting time lately owing to the international naval demonstration. At one time there was actually a slight panic, a few families leaving for the Lebanon. The Porta's covert menace was. of course, calculated to cause some apprehension among the Christians, but what caused most fear was the massing of troops, estimated by some at 8 battalions, and the arrival of 3 batteries from Damascus. As a matter of fact the troops and guns are being sent to reinforce the dwindling numbers of the Yemen Army. The losses during the campaign have been terrible, some say as much as 50 %. An eye-witness tells me that on the troops landing from a recently arrived transport from the Yemen on the quay at Beyrout several fell dead, and their general aspect was one of ineffable misery.
Beck & Co’s Pilsener Beer.
B HR M KN.
IN CAIRO, ALKXANDKI* AND TUX SUDAN,
Otktrviit apply h	__;
i l FUOTOIT, P. MICAUEF, sou
U, Km KMsb, AtsawSft*,
SUNDAY’S DISTURBANCE.
PROTEST OF HELLENES.
The following is the text of a telegram which Mr. Emmanuel Benachi, President of the Hellenic Community of Alexandria, has despatched to Mr. Gennadis, the Hellenic Diplomatic Agent and Consul General at Cairo:— 
Par decision Comité notre Communanté empressons démentir bruit répandu que Hel-lènes notre villa préparent manifestation, ce bruit absolument controuvé doit émaner même source que autres calomnies publiées contre notre colonie à la suite événements. Dimanche dernier, ces troubles vaient été préparé par meneurs plusieurs jours avant, et avions même été prévenus par communication Gouverneur Alexandrie à notre Patriarche et notre Consul garder calme, malgré cela regrettons voir que mesures polices ont été insuffisantes pour em-pêcher bandes composées lie population se réunir en vue attaque contre Européens, au confraire sommes fiers constater que population. Hellène notre villa a montré grand sang froid malgré provocation incessante et nom-breux attentats des bandes organisées provocations et attentats qui continuent encore par individus basso classe, nous protestons contre tendance attribuée cause derniers troubles à notre colonie et vous prions communiquer cette protestation an Gouvernement en faisant res-sortir calme moutré par nos nationaux et si comme bruit court de nouvelles attaques se préparent demandons protection efficace vie et biens non seulement des classes sociales élevées mais aussi des pauvres artisans ou boutiquiers qui sont premières victimes de ces soulève-ments, saisissons occasion ajouter d’ailleurs que savons partaitement faire distinction entre fauteurs troubles et population Egyptienne honorable avec lsquelle nous vivons depuis longues années en parfait accord et nous collaborons au bien être du pays par le travail de tontes les classes de notre colonie.—Emma-nuel Benachi, Président Communauté Hellé-nique Alexandrie.
The trial of the persons accused of having taken part in Sunday’s riot will begin at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning at the Native Court in Rosetta-street, Alexandria. The total number to be tried to-morrow is 104. The police have taken every precaution to avoid any disturbance in the neighbourhood of the Court and 40 policemen will be on duty there, besides a large number in reserve.
There are no grounds for believing that there will be any renewal of. last Sunday’s disturbances tomorrow, but every precaution will be taken by the police in order to cops with any possible outbreak.
The state of the Corfiote Jew, whose head was smashed in by one of the mob in Saint Catherine's-square, is still very precarious. He is being attended to at the Jewish Hospital in Moharrem Bey.
	
	
 ZIZINIA THEATRE.
We were well entertained, though not intensely overwhelmed by Samsone e Dalilah, as produced last night at this theatre. The delicate and sentimental handling, which Saint-Saëns’ magnum opus demands, can be found only in artistes of exceptional calibre and in minutely trained choruses, and, although last night’s caste was strong, it can hardly be said to have entirely met the exigencies of the case. Signa. Bianca Lavin carried out the arduous role of Dalilah in a melodious and very conscientious fashion. Her singing throughout Act II. was remarkably well sustained and was pleasantly distinguished by sensibility and refinement, most of her low tones being exquisite; at the same time there was occasionally a barely perceptible shortage in compassing the high notes. In all other respects she made a highly creditable Dalilah. Sig. Luigi Longobardi’s Samson was rendered with technical fluency and clear articulation, but he might with advantage have infused his part with more warmth and vigor. Sig. Pasquale Amato, as the Chief Priest and Sig. C. Nicolay who impersonated the aged Habrew, lent valuable and adequate support. Both are pos essors of rich, crisp voices. The part of Abimelech was rather stiffly rendered by Sig. Ricceri, who. is too apt to mouth his music. The chorus, on whom so much depends, gave a rather varied display. After singing in well with the overture, they became rather pre-cipitate after the rise of the curtain; moreover, the women's voices were too liable to fall into harsh, shrill tones. The men were decidedly better and showed feeling. A softer, if stolid, utterance was accorded to the graceful chorus of Philistine women. In Act III. a far more tasteful effect was obtained, all singing in very good harmony. The orchestra was again under Sig. Zuccani's skilful direction. Here at all events no exception whatever can be taken. They gave significant expression to the tender and refined music, which is too well known and too warmly esteemed to call for further dis-cussion in these columns. A word should be said for the ballets, which created a far better impression than Aida. Signa. A. Verganti's pas seul was very satisfactory and calls for little comment, but we wished we could have seen more of Signa. Bracchi, whose steps are extremely light and graceful. The production was well staged. All things considered, we are inclined to look upon the performance as very pleasing, but certainly not on a level with  those to which the present opera company have hitherto accustomed us, and it suffered consequently by the comparison.
THE CAIRO SEASON.
PROSPECTS FOR ’XMAS WEEK.

Many people an already installed in the Ghezireh Palace Hotel and enjoying its lovely
position and delightful gardens.—so welcome after the dusty streets of Cairo. On Wednesday the band of the King’s Royal Rifles was playing there from 4 to 6, and attracted many listeners. On other days a Tzigane orchestra provides music at frequent intervals. Sir Hugh and Lady Smiley have taken up their quarters here, and Mr. and Mrs. Rom, with their family, have moved on here from Shepheard’s. Mr. Astley Johnstone, who has already spent so many winters at Ghezireh, has again returned with his motor, and Mr. Curphy has also brought his motor. Colonel and Mrs. R Gordon are here, and Major Hessey, of the 2nd Inniskilling Fusiliers, and Mrs. Hessey are making the hotel their headquarters. Among other visitors are :—Comte and Comtesse Krassicki, Major, Mrs, and Miss Burney, Mr. and Miss Jones, Mr and Mrs. Honould, from Johannesburg, and Mr. C. Banbury, from India.
There will be a small dance at the hotel one evening in ’Xmas week, and several luncheon and dinner patties are being arranged for Sunday. Seeing its vicinity to the race-course, the hotel will be certain of much patronage on the occasion of the second meeting next week. On Shrove Tuesday, February 27, arrangements are being made for the big fancy-dress ball which has always been such a success in former years.
There will be 'Xmas trees at both Shepheard's and the Mena House Hotel on 'Xmas Eve, and as many grown-up’s as children are looking forward to that day. On ’Xmas evening there will be a gathering at the Hotel du Nil, when another tree will be in evidence.
Up to the present there have been but few social events to chronicle this season, but after this week we hope for better things. There is already “in the air” the expectation of ’Xmas, and if we cannot spend it in the old time honored English fashion, by our own fireside and among the children, we mean to do our best to celebrate the occasion.
There will be numerous small dances at the various hotels, and most people are making arrangements for cheery dinners at either one or the other.
Next week we have two days’(Wednesday and Friday) racing to anticipate at the Khedi vial Sporting Club at Ghezireh, and many ladies will take the opportunity of showing how well their pretty frocks become them It is rather unfortunate that Wednesday should also happen to be the day chosen for the marriage of Miss Nungovich to Capt. Wilson, R.A.M.C. So many friends have been bidden to the wedding and the reception to be held afterwards at the Savoy, that the first day’s raring will suffer by their absence.
AUTOMOBILES IN EGYPT.
The number of automobiles in Egypt ex ceeds 170, of which 110 are at Cairo and 56 at Alexandria, and the increase in this industry of recent years has given occasion for an interesting article in the Bulletin of the French Chamber of Commerce of Alexandria. A great drawback to the development of the industry is the lack of roads, especially the want of a great highway between Cairo and Alexandria. Our confrére remarks :—
Nous saisissons avec empressement cette circonstance pour joindre nos instances à celles qni s'élèvent un peu de toute part dans le but de demander au Gouvernement Egyptien la création d'une route carrossable d’Alexandrie au Caire, route qui serait une véritable artère vers lsquelle viendrait converger tout un réseau d’autres voies desservant les nombreux villages de l'intérieur. C’est ainsi que des communications faciles s’établi-ranent entre toutes les localités de l’Egypte au grand avantage du commerce et des transactions.
Certes, on ne peut invequer la pénurie du trésor ; peu d’Etats présentement une situation aussi florissante au point de vue des finances ; c'est ainsi que le projet de budget pour 1'an prochain, déduction faite de dégrèvemente dont le montant dépasse L.E. 300,000. accuse un excédent de recettes évalué à L.E. 500,000, somme dont l’emploi, jusqu'a présent, n'est pas déterminé. Tant au point de vue commercial qu'à celui de l’objet que nous traitons, nous apprendrions avec grand plaisir qu'une partie de cet excédent sera consacré à une oeuvre de si grande utilité et dont les conséquences écono-miques seraient incalculables pour la fortune du pays.
Nous verrions alors apparaltre les grosses voitures.de touristes, les 80-100 chevaux, avec lesquelles les 210 kilomètres qui séparent Alexandrie du Cairo seraient parcourus en une seule traite avec possibilité de retour dans la même journée.
Les amateurs, ayant devant eux de grands espaces à parcourir, deviendraient bien plus nombreux, et l'importation des automobiles en Egypte prendrait un grand développement.
The first automobile in Egypt was a little Dion Bouton, purchased by Prince Aziz about fifteen years ago. French motors are preferred, especially the following makes, de Dion Bouton, Peugeot, Renault, Panhard Levassor, Clément-Bayard. Charron-Girardot-Voigt, Darracq, Cot-terean. There are 43 motorcycles in Cairo and 17 in Alexandria. Motor omnibuses are being tried by the Cairo Omnibus Company, which has imported two of the Dietrich type and the trials are now being made.
EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND.
LECTURE BY MR HALL.
An interesting lecture was given yesterday afternoon at the Grand Continental Hotel, Cairo, by Mr. Hall of the British Museum under the auspices of the Egypt Exploration Fund, of which Dr. Gerling Hayward is secretary in Egypt. The lecture dealt with a new XI. Dynasty temple discovered at Deir el'Bahri, and is the first of a series of four, one of which is to be given by Professor Naville and another by Dr. Grentell. After Capt Lyons had introduced Mr. Hall to his audience, the lecturer, with the aid of the magio-lantern, described the temple and its surroundings. After giving an interesting account of the great temple at Deir el Behri Thebes, he proceeded  to describe the new temple and showed how the pyramid above the royal tomb characteristic of the IV. Dynasty, with its small temple at the foot, had been superseded in XL Dynasty times by the temple, at some distance from the real tomb and acting as a sort of funeral chapel The new temple showed the last survival of the pyramid, a structure in the centre of the temple court with a base of about 60 feet square. He then described the various features of the temple, among them the tombs of ladies of the royal harem of King Neferkeprà of the XI dynasty, many of whom had been buried simultaneously before the completion of the temple, a fact that led certain Egyptologists to believe that they had been strangled after their lord’s death. The tomb of Neb-keper-rà with its 150 foot shaft next claimed attention, and then came illustrations of the most valuable find during the excavations. Among them was a magnificent alabaster head of the sacred cow of Hathor, a remarkable piece of realistic sculpture, its eye sockets still bearing traces of lapis lazuli. Then came the portrait statue of the grim-featured Usartesan III., the Se-sostris of the ancients, now in the Cairo Museum. The statue was found with five others, each representing the monarch at a different period of his life, on the S.-W. porch of the temple. The angular facial type wrongly supposed to be ’Hyksos’ appeared in the XII. and the latter half of the XI. Dynasty Pharaohs. Reliefs showed Bedouine of Sinai,yellow-skinned and hook-nosed, falling before the monarch's arrows, while the heads of Mentu-hotep, from his looks a relative of theUsertesens who established the XI.. Dynasty rule in Lower Egypt,andhis wife were most interesting. These kings, so said the lecturer, were certainly of Egyptian stock and their facial type could be recognised among the fellaheen of the present day. A relief on the royal sarcophagus showing a ferocious-looking fox dragging a half-fledged bird from its nest, a model combined bakery and brewery with its little life-like figures,which it was hoped would by some magical process come to life and bake and brew for his Majesty in the other world, were among the other discoveries and among the last but not the least interesting illustrations of the lecture was a photograph of a triangular piece of bread, solid and unappetising after more than 8,000 years, but retaining its smell of bread when first discovered. Other photographs showed the methods employed in digging and the men at work.
At 6.30 p.m. the lecture closed and Capt. Lyons paid Mr. Hall in the name of the audience a warm tribute of thanks.
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL
Count Welsburg and Countess Welsburg, née Countess Hahn-Hahn, who stayed at Mena House Hotel last winter, will arrive on the 1st January and will again spend the three winter months at Mena House Hotel.
Mrs. David Gardiner, Miss Diodati Gardiner, and Mr. Robert A. Gardiner from New York are staying at the Savoy Hotel, as also are Mrs. Lorillard and Mrs. Stuart Taylor from the same city. 
We regret to announce the death of Dr. Flood, Sanitary Inspector at Ismailia, where he had held that position for thirty five years. Dr. Flood was the father of the late Mrs. Charles Baehler. He died at Berne after a long illness in his sixty-sixth year. We tender our sympathy to Mrs. Flood and her family and Mr. Charles Baehler in their irreparable loss.
Mlle Liana da Pongy, the celebrated Pari-sian, has arrived at Caior for the season.
Among the latest arrivals at the Savoy, Port Said, we notice: Mrs. Hill, Mrs. Redleaf, Dr. and Mrs. Braun, Mr. Douglas D. Porter, Dr. A. Care, Mr. J. Epner, Mr. J. S1oane. Mr. Pierpont W. Davis, Mr W. S. Wilson, Mr. E. W. Blew, Mr. F. B. Walker, Mr.. and Mrs. L Pennington, Mrs. J. A. Well,. Mrs. Middleton and friend, Mrs. Paulins, Miss Austin, Mr. C.
K. Strong, Mr. Sydney P. Hall, Mr. and Mrs. Ree, Mr. and Mrs. Kerkbride, Miss Kerkbride, Mr. Fred. Merton.
The following passengers left Cairo by Cook's P.S. Hatasoo yesterday for the Nile trip— Miss Price. Mrs. Williams, Mrs. Geddes	Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Greg. Mr. R L Greg, Miss Elisabeth Greg. Miss Margaret Greg, Mias Mary Gaskell, Mr. G Pearce Serocold, Mrs. Serocold, Mr. J S. Lister. Mr. J. V. Lister, Mr. and Mr. Herbert Malpas, Prince Jean Cautacussoue, Miss Lea Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Philpott, Mr.
E. C. Williams, Mrs. Burr, Mrs. Wheelwright Col. and Burne,	