THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1905.
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
PROROGATION DECREED.
DATE OF DISSOLUTION
London, December 12.
The King has signed a decree for the formal prorogation of Parliament to the 15th January, but dissolution will probably take place on the 10th January.
The "Daily Chronicle” is enabled to announce the following appointments: Mr. Robert Spencer, Lord Chamberlain; the Marquis of Bute, Under Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; Mr. Lawson Walton, Attorney General ; Mr. Thomas Shaw, Lord Advocate. Mr. Winston Churchill will probably be Under Secretary of State for the Colonies.
After the speech of Lord Rosebery, Mr. Rufus Isaacs declared that the inclusion of Sir E. Grey and of Mr. Fowler, Mr. Asquith and Mr. Haldane in the Cabinet was a guarantee that the Government’s policy would not be one leading op to Home Rule but would simply be one of governmental reform.
Sir E. Grey and the others named by Mr. Isaacs attended the reception of the Liberal League in the evening, thus apparently endorsing his declarations. 	(Reuter)
TURKISH CRISIS ENDED
AMENDMENT SCHEME ACCEPTED.
London, December 12.
It is believed that the Turkish crisis is at an end, the Porte having accepted the attended scheme presented by the Ambassadors after reference to their Governments. R.)
Paris, December 12.
The Porte has communicated its reply to the collective Note of the Powers. (Havas)
GREEK CABINET.
DECIDED NOT TO RESIGN.
Athens. December 12,
The Government have decided not to resign yet They will leave the judgment of the situation to the King.	(Reuter)
ANGLO-GERMAN "ENTENTE CORDIALE.”
Berlin, December 12.
The merchants are organising a meeting for Sunday in favor of a friendly understanding with England.	(Havas)
FRENCH CHAMBER.
Paris, December 12.
The Chamber has rejected the proposal to elect its president by public ballot	(Havas)
THE KHEDIVE.
The Khedive spent yesterday at Montazah Palace.
When his Highness heard of the disturbance on Sunday afternoon at Alexandria, the Khedive was returning to Montazah from Mariout He at once telegraphed to the Ministry of the Interior for information about the riot, 
AT THE SAVOY.
The Hon. F. G. Morgan, United States Vice-Consul-General,  is staying at the Savoy Hotel.
Lots of private dinner parties are given at the Savoy Restaurant every evening, and the orchestra of the Scala of Milan and the Tzigane orchestra have begun to play.
Sir. Charles Scotter entertained a party to dinner at the Savoy Restaurant yesterday evening, including Mr. and Mrs. Trevithick. At other tables were: Mr. Paravicini and two friends, Bishop Potter, of New York, and Mrs. Potter, Mr. H. B Greville, Mr. Gibson Bowles, M. P , and a party, etc.
Next Saturday the first small dance of the season at the Savoy Hotel will take place Maestro Bracale’s orchestra will be au grand complet for the occasion. The first small dance of the Savoy Hotel is generally looked upon as the official inauguration of the Cairo season.
BAND PERFORMANCE.
By kind permission of Lieut-Col. R.C.C. Cox, commanding, and officers 2nd Batt. Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, the band will perform the following programme of music on the Terrace, Grand Continental Hotel, to-morrow (Thursday) afternoon from 4 to 6.
1 March-International—C. Roberta.
2 Overture-The Merry Wives of Windsor-Nikola.
3	Kntr'acto-Rosa Mousso-Bosa.
4 Selection Lohengrin Wagner.
5 Valse-Souviens Toi—Waldteurel.
6 Fong Nararoth-G unad.
7 Selection— The Cingalre - Monckton.
8	Musical Idyll-Hiawatha-Moret.
Regimental March-Khedivial Anthem.
God save the King
R, Watson Ramser, Bandmaster,
 LOCAL AND GENERAL
	 
The Brindisi Mail.
The mail will be distributed at the G. P. 0. to-day at 4 45 p.m.
The Baltic Fleet.
The first detachment of the Russian Baltic Fleet is expected at Port Said on the 24th inst.
Hashish Seizures.
The Coastguards captured 763 kilos of hashish on the west  coast of the Gulf of Suez of the 5th and on the 11th inst Cairo Roads.
The total area of Cairo’s road surface is 2,842,534 square metres of which only 17 % are at present macadamised or paved.
Ottoman Medical Mission.
The Ottoman Mission, which is to look after the health of the pilgrims, left Suez yesterday for the Hedjaz It consists of five physicians. The Mahmal	
The escort of the Mahmal will be composed of Egyptian soldiers on active service. It will consist of 300 non-commissioned officers and men.
Cairo's Drains.
The drainage works now proceeding in Cairo will take another two years to complete. The total estimated cost amounts to L.E. 120,000.
Attempted Car Wrecking.	
A native youth of 17 was arrested yesterday while placing stones on the tram-rails near Ibrahimieh, with the intention of derailing the cars.
The Ancona Court.
The Italian Assize Court at Ancona has condemned Cimino to 30 years' penal servitude for having murdered an Italian woman in Cairo last year.
Inspectors' Residences. *
The Ministry of the Interior has decided to build a residence at Sohag for its inspectors. Inspectors of the Finance Ministry will also be accommodated there.
Comptoir Financier-Commercials.
M. Beghian, late “fonde de pouvoirs” of the Alexandria branch of the Credit Lyonnais, has been appointed manager of the Comptoir Financier-Commerciale at Alexandria The Desert of Sinai,
Dr. Ruffer C.M.G., has kindly consented to repeat his lecture on “The Desert of Sinai,” under the auspices of the A L M. & D.S., in the parish-room, Bulkeley, on the 26th fast.
A. L. M. & D. S. 
Captain Borton, Assistant Postmaster-General, and Mr. R. Lang Anderson, of the Aboukir Company, have accepted the posts of vice-presidents of the Alexandria Literary, Musical. and Dramatic Society.
Transport,	
The transport Plassy, which is due to arrive at Port Said on the 19th fast, brings some details for the Army of Occupation and embarks 40 men of the King's Royal Rifle Corps tor conveyance to Bombay.
Cairo Amusements.
The Ghezireh Palace fancy dress ball will be held on Shrove Tuesday. The first big hall at Shepheard’s will be given towards the end of January, while the first of the weekly small dances at the Savoy takes place on Saturday next. Khedivial Club Dance.
Through the courtesy of M. Fleury, the manager of the New Khedivial Hotel, Alexandria, the Roumanian Band will play during the intervals between the various dances, at the ball to be given by the members of the Khedivial Club on Wednesday next the 20th instant.		
Orchestra for Cairo.
M. Bracale has arrived from Budapest with a high-class orchestra which was heard and highly appreciated in the grill room at the Grand Continental Hotel last night A concert will henceforth be given in the grill-room every evening from to-day's date, beginning at 7 p.m.
Museum Catalogue.	
Good progress has been made with the compilation of the great catalogue of the Cairo Museum. Eighteen volumes have been published. Seven others are in the press, and eight more are under preparation. It is hoped 'hat —in about ten years' time—this work will be completed.
A Presentation.
Brig.-General Bullock. C.B., presented Captain R. P. Crawley, M.V.O., A S.C., this morning at Mustapha Pasha, with the medal of the Royal Humane Society, in recognition of his gallant attempt to save the life of Captain Carey, of the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, at San Stefano last August Egypt Exploration Fund.
A lecture, entitled  "The Discovery of the Most Ancient Temple at Thebes" will be given by Mr. H. R. Hall, of the British Museum, at the Grand Continental Hall, Cairo, at 5 p.m. on Friday, 15th fast. Other lectures will be given in January, February, and March, by M. Naville and Dr. G. Grenfell. New Syrian Hospital.
The project of building a Syrian hospital at Cairo baa been decided on, and a committee selected for the purpose. The chairman is Suleiman Bey Nassif. The following are mem-ben of the committee : Selim Bey Sidnawi, Abdalla Bey Safr, Dr. Nimr, Dr. Selim Eff Bustani, and Dr. Zeyat Selim Bey Sednawi has offered a large house as a site.
THE RUSSIAN SITUATION.
COUNT WITTE INTERVIEWED.
COERCIVE MEASURES NECESSARY.
(Gazette's Special Service. )
London, December 13. The “Daily Telegraph’s” St. Petersburg Correspondent has interviewed Count Witte, who stated that unless conditions rapidly changed, of which there was small hope, a reversion to coercive measures would become absolutely necessary, which would involive the resignation of the Witte Ministry.
London, December 12. Telegraphic communication between St. Petersburg and Europe was re-opened for a few hours yesterday, but is again interrupted. Reports from all directions in the Baltio provinces prove the desecration of churches, the murder of landowners, and pillage of property.
(Reuter)
St. Petersburg, December 12.
The audacity of the revolutionists in the provinces is increasing.	(Havas)
TROUBLE ON THE DIANA.
Reports from Port Said state that the crew of the Russian cruiser Diana, which recently passed through the Canal, were fa a state bordering on mutiny. Among other manifestations reported was the. removal of the ship’s figure-head bearing the Imperial arms.
The officers appear to have had great difficulty  in preventing the crew from taking possession of the ship, though it is hard to say what they would have effected' had they imitated the exploit of the crew of the Knias Potemkin.
The Diana, which displaces about 6,000 tons and carries 8 6 inch and 20 twelve-pounder quick-firers, took part in the action off Round Island on August 10, 1904. After the battle,in which she did not sustain great damage, she escaped to Saigon and was interned there for the remainder of the war.
\
THE SYRIAN PRINCE.
A telegram from Malta states that the S.S. Syrian Prince baa been refloated with the assistance of the salvage steamer Danmark, - after jettisoning part of her cargo and bankers. She was expected to sail from Tripoli yester-day evening for Alexandria.
ALEXANDRIA HARBOUR.
THE NEW PASS.	
Progress in the work of dredging the new pass to Alexandria is very satisfactory. The dredger began work last June and they have done more during the past six months than the contractors for the former pass did in three years. In the latter case, however, there was only one dredger and it oould not be oompared as regards its efficiency and strength with the present two huge powerful dredgers which are now at work on the new pass. The work ought to be brought to a completion within a couple of years or even within eighteen months from now.
The dredgers are at work night and day, but owing to the extraordinarily hard character of the rook, repairs have continually to be made on one or other of the dredgers, so it may be reckoned that really only one dredger is continuously  engaged.
SUDAN CUSTOMS.
Kaimakans Hayes-Sadler Bey is leaving Alexandria for Suez on the 27th fast on his way to Suskin to found the new Administration of Customs. He is taking with him a staff of three Englishmen, a number of native officials and officers, and some subordinate European personnel. Work will be carried on first at Suskin, and afterwards Port Sudan will be made the centre of the Administration.
ADULTERATED MILK AND BUTTER
The excessive adulteration of food is at last beginning to attract attention in official cir-cles, and the Khedivial Agricultural Society has written to the Government to draw its attention to the grave danger menacing public health owing to the way milk and batter are adulterated.
WAR OFFICE SCANDAL.
The Parquet has issued an order for the arrest of Emin Effendi Rasmi, an official of the War Office at Cairo, who is accused of having embezzled LB. 100 of money belonging  to the War Office.
 
NEW LOCAL PUBLICATION.
A welcome addition to the Press of the  country is "Arte e Sport," which, as its name  indicates, will deal with local art and sport.
 The first number of this weekly is exceedingly well got up, and under the editorship of Sig. Giulio E. Brandt should find a permanent place in the local Press. Unfortunately, similar publications in the past have had but an ephemeral existence,

POPULAR EXCITEMENT.
INCIDENT AT ALEXANDRIA. 
Another incident took place in the neighbourhood of the Labbane Caracol yesterday. From the early morning the headquarters of the Alexandria City Police in the Labbane quarter had been the gathering-place of a crowd of natives of - the lowest class from the Ghanyna, who came thither to watch the transport of the prisoners, arrested for having participated fa the unfortunate disturbances of last Sunday afternoon. The “Black Maria” vans of the Alexandria City Police were continually coming and going. Each van was carefully guarded by a mounted police escort, and the authorities had taken the utmost precautions to avoid any attempt to rescue the prisoners.
A large number of detectives in plain clothes, under the command of the mamour, were placed about the vicinity of the caracol and up to 3 p.m. the police had been most success-ful in keeping the crowd from indulging in any disorderly manifestations, and not a single breach of the peace had occurred. However, about 3 o’clock three police vans drew up at the caracol in order to take the prisoners in batches to Hadra gaol. The crowd of onlookers had by that time considerably increased.	
the morning. At that moment a dispute arose between some natives and a Greek baker. The natives hit him and felled him to the ground. In his fall his head collided with the edge of the pavement and he was injured. The man was conveyed to the Labbane Caracol, where medical attendance was forthcoming.
This, incident provoked great excitement, and the European inhabitants in the neighbourhood were seized with panic. Shop shutters were at once put up, doors bolted, and the crowd rushed hither and thither in an excited state, while alarming rumours were bruited with lightening velocity all over the town about the murder of a Greek by natives.
The police have arrested the men who assaulted the baker.
TRIAL OF RIOTERS.
The trial of the rioters, accused of having taken part in the disturbance on Sunday, will begin on Sunday next, when a hundred will be tried. On the following Monday a farther batch of 80 will be tried, and 40 on Tuesday. The others, who hare been arrested, will be let off.
PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES H.M.S. Carnarvon, which was to have left Alexandria yesterday, will now stay here until farther orders.
The Alexandria City Police has been reinforced from the provinces by 60 foot and 15 mounted men. In the Hamamil quarter and all that neighbourhood the beats have been doubled. Mounted police patrol the dangerous quarters of the city by night and by day.
The mamoura of the various kisms of Alex-andria yesterday received instructions as to what steps they should be prepared to take in case of any general disturbance.
The general state of tranquillity throughout the city has been very satisfactory during the past two days, and cases of disorder have been very rare.
THE BEDOUINS.
Various rumours have been current as to the threatening attitude of the Bedouin population in the neighbourhood of Alexandria, but nothing tends to show that these people are in a disturbed state. Yesterday afternoon Miralai Hopkinson Bey, Commandant of the Alexandria City Police, made a careful inspection of the Bedouins in the Ramleh district and found no signs of unrest among them. The Ramleh Police have taken away hundreds of nabouts from the Ramleh Bedouins. 
FEELING IN CAIRO.
Cairo opinion on the recent riot is calm, though it is felt that the “season” will suffer from any repetition of the scenes that took place on Sunday afternoon. The native population and the Europeans alike regret the disturbance , and it is felt that strong measures should be taken against any persons, European or native, firing revolvers or displaying them in public exceptin the exercise of legitimate self-defence . The native Press expresses its great regret atthe occurrences. “Al Watan” has seised the opportunity for an attaok on Mustapha Pasha Kamel, in which it reiterates the state ment that the Nationalist editor’s articles have helped to bring about the disorders of Sunday.
We understand that all the necessary mea-sures have been taken by the Government to prevent any recurrence of these troubles, but that much will depend on the attitude of the Europeans and natives of Alexandria.
THE NATIVE PRESS.
"A1 Mokattam” remarks that had it not been for the Capitulations, Sunday's outbreak would not have occurred.
“A1 Moayad” declares that the disturbances originated with the Greeks, and points out that they should he prohibited from carrying arms, in the same way as the natives are Unless these hot-tempered people are kept under control by the Government in this respect, says our vernacular contemporary, a dangerous state of feeling may be  engendered throughout the country.
SPORT AND PLAY.
FOOTBALL
A football match will be played to-morrow between Ras-el-Tin School and the E.T.O. on Ras-el-Tin ground. Kick-off at 3 p.m.
EXAMPLE FROM BEYROUT
USE OF THE BASTINADO.

A correspondent writes:—Not many months ago a state of unrest, vary similar to that which prevails in Alexandria at the present moment and which found expression in the riot of last Sunday afternoon, existed in Beyrout, where foreigners were daily molested by the Hooligan portion of the Moslem population and some were actually attacked. These troubles led to the removal of the Governor, and a new man was sent to replace him. The first act of this new Vali was to send for all the instigators of the troubles and administer to each a good dose of the stick.The effect was instantaneous and in 48 hours those Moslem Hooligans who had escaped the bastinado were doing all fa their power to show themselves to be on the beet of terms with their Christian neighbours and the town was safer and quieter than it had been for years. The dread of the stick was so marked that many of the worst characters left the district and have never ventured to return. I suggest that if the same treatment were meted out to some of the 500 roughs whom the police have arretted for last Sunday’s riot we should hear no more of unrest in Alexandria. This is the only punishment which these men understand and appreciate, and its moral effect is marvellous. It has been evident to moat people that for a long time past the natives here have been growing insolent, and as anything approaching a serious riot would do incalculable injury to the com-mmercial and financial interests of the country I trust that the authorities will make up their minds to deal with the matter in the manner which has proved so very effective in other parts of the East.
British Official burgled.
A British official who is residing in the Mai-son Tedeschi, Cairo, awoke the other night to bear steps harrying from his room. On making investigations he found that £2 fa gold and P.T. 35 in silver, a pair of gold-rimmed pince-nez, some gold studs, several pocket handkerchiefs, and other trifles had disappeared. Armed with a hockey stick he made his way to the bedroom of a friend and the two commenced a search which proved fruitless. Early morning brought their landlady faoe to face with the unpleasant discovery that much of her cutlery had followed the £2 and the links. The bowab, who is suspected of connivance, if not of the actual theft, was arrested in the morning. His house was searched and the exact sum of P.T. 35 was found there, but no further evidence, as far as is known, has yet been produced against him.
THE NEW GRAND CADI.
Sheikh Djemal El Din, the new Grand Cadi of Egypt, is expected to leave Mecca for Egypt shortly.
LAND AND GENERAL TRUST.
Mr. A. H. Hooker and Crookshank Pasha, local directors of the Land and General Trust, have resigned, and will be replaced by Mr. E. C. Hogg and M. Elie Toral.
EGYPTIAN ESTATES, LTD.
Owing to having received such profitable offers for the Alhambra Theatre estate at Alexandria, the above company has decided to re-sell this property in lots. 
Messrs. Lamb and Bridges, of the Royal Agricultural College, have arrived from Eng-land to act as agricultural assistants for this company's estate at Benfibeid.
 It is expected that the two new Cooper steam diggers, which the company has recently purchased, will soon be at work. Some of the land at Beniibeid belonging to the company has yielded no less than six kantara of excellent cotton to the feddan.
The Alderson Garden at Bulkeley will probably be turned into a residential estate of pretty, moderate-sized villas, with one large garden on the sea front for the joint tenants
BANK OF EGYPT.
Mr. Luad, the manager of the agency of the Bank of Egypt at Suakin, will placably suc-ceed Mr. Davidson as manager of the Khartoum branch.
EGYPTIAN CIGARETTES.
The Cigarette import tax in Germany will shortly be raised from 270 to 1,200 marks per hundred kilos. The German Government has approved this scheme, which will pass the Reichstag shortly. Lord Cromer -and Boutros Pasha Ghali have been approached in order to use their influence to obtain a reduction of this prohibitive duty.
ALL SAINTS, RAMLEH.
The newly-appointed assistant chaplain of St Mark’s and All Saints,’ the Rev. W. Long-ley, is arriving here shortly. The Rev. Rowland Wormell, M.A., the late assistant chap-lain, left Alexandria yesterday to catch the P. & O. S.S. Persia for Bombay, where he will take up hi* appointment in the Army Chaplains’ Department of the Indian Government.
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The Cunard S.S. Veria is due here on 17th inst, and will immediately begin loading cargo for Liverpool and American ports.
FEHMY PASHA ARRESTED
INV0LVED IN BOMB OUTRAGE
(Gazette's Special Service)
Constantinople Tuesday.
Fehmy Pasha has been arrested The recent bomb outrage upon the Sultan has been proved to have been arranged by himself. Arif Pasha has been reinstated in office. Fuad Pasha will also probably be reinstated.
PERSONAL  AND S0CIAL
A dinner was given at Mustapha Pasha barracks last evening by Colonel Bird and the officers of the 1st Battalion Royal Dublin Fusiliers, to meet Brig. General Bullock. The guests were H B. Mahmoud Pasha Sidky, Mr. E B. Gould, Mr. B. W. P. Foster, Mr. R. Williams, Capt H. J. Gedge, Capt H E. Gro-gan. Mr. F. G. Freaman. M. D. Beneducci, and Dr. Webb-Jones.
Brig. General Bullock, C.B., returns to Cairo by the afternoon express to-day.
Admiral the Hon. Hedworth Lambton has issued invitations for a luncheon to be given to morrow on H.M.S.. Carnarvon.
Lord Henry de Walden is likely to pay a visit to Egypt this season. He is a descendant of the discoverer of the famous “Gunpowder Plot," the first Barl of Suffolk. His new steam yacht has just completed her trials and has left for the Mediterranean, where he will join her shortly.	
Lady Kilmorey intends to winter in Egypt and will arrive very shortly. It is hoped that her daughter, Lady Cynthia Feedham, will be well enough to accompany her.
Major the Hon. G. Hanbury Tracy and Lady Tracy, widow of the late Lord Carmichael Anstruther, who were married at St Barnabas’ Curch, Pimlico, on the 2nd inst. have come to Egypt for their honeymoon.
H.B. Soeung, Chinese Minister at Paris, and his pretty little daughter are staying at the Grand Continental Hotel, accompanied by the first secretaries of the Imperial Chinese Legations at Paris and Brussels.
M. Bertrand, French Consul, leaves Cairo at the end of the month. His place will be taken by M. Nettement until the arrival of the new French Consul.
Sir Elwin and Lady Palmer are expected to return from the Sudan on the 20th inst.
M. and Mme Maspero have left for Upper Egypt
Harvey Pasha, who arrived here yesterday by the Messageries steamer, has proceeded to
Cairo.	
The marriage of the eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Nungovich Bey. Miss Marguerite Nungovich, with Captain Hashard Chapmen Wilson, of the Royal Army Medical Corps, son of Mr. Richard James Wilson, of Dublin, will take place on Wednesday, 20th inst. at half past 9 o'clock in All Saints’ Church, Cairo. There will be a reception afterwards at the Savoy Hotel.
Rev. W. Dickins and his fellow workers are removing this week from Sharia Has el-Tin to 33, Sharia Haggari, Ras-el-Tin.
Mr. Joseph Lewis has been appointed to the service of the Assouan Dam as acting engineer at a salary of LB. 360 per annum,
PASSENGER LISTS.
ARRIVALS
Per S.S. "Congo” of the Messageries Maritimes arrived this morning from Marseilles .— M. A Quinche, Mrs. Nieley, M. Buri, M. Poulet M Georges, Miss Mackintosh, Mme Fus-co. M. Anawati, M. Mousny, Mme Dourmess, M. Dumont M. Failhe, Mlle Chassand, M. Hassein Fossum, M. Rivet Mlle Garnier and child, Mr. Moimo, M. Agnallet Mlle Salin de la Morena, M. Jonquard, M. Tachu-din, M. Koda. M. Chapny, Miss Kress, M. Pelissier, M. Silvette, Mme Durousset, M. Laplanche, M. Coudry, M. Cerati, M. Gay, M. Billaux, Mme Liona, M. Denis Vignoli, M. Baldet, M. Neffret, Mr. Herman Hereon and 34 third class passengers.
EDEN PALACE HOTEL,
CAIRO.
■•Tie ree ire ■**‘*:l*"£
xurorer^v^	^
lx oomracnoir wit* tw Kaxmw Horn, For partfenfarr apply Mr.
nnmuni