THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1905
THE LIBERAL CABINET
FORMATION of ministry. 
London, December 9.
The  Time's" states that Sir E. Grey will be Secretary for Foreign Affairs. 
The “Daily News” says that the health of Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman will be no bar to his remaining in the Commons.
principal features of the Home Rule proposal.
(Reuter)
London, December 9.
The following is regarded as being the probable formation of the Cabinet: Mr. Asquith Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Morley Secretary of "State for India, Sir E. Grey Secretary of State for Foreign A ffairs, Lord Elgin Secretary of State for the Colonies, Mr. Haldane secretary of State for War, Lord Tweedmouth First Lord of the Admiralty, Sir H.H. Fowler Chancellor of the Duchy of of Lancaster, Lord Aberdeen Lord Lieutenant of I reland, Mr. Bryce Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Irelaud.
Toe King returns to town to-morrow evening. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman will then submit the list of Ministers to His Majesty. The outgoing Ministers will hand over their seals on Monday.	(Reuter)
London, December 10. The probable formation of the Cabinet as published yesterday is officially confirmed, with the following additions : — First Lord of the Treasury, Sir . Henry Campbell-Bannerman ; Lord High Chancellor, Sir R. T. Reid ; Secretary of State, for Home Affairs, Mr. H. J. Gladstone ;-President of the Local Government Board,Mr. John Barns : Secretary for Scotland, Captain John Sinclair ; Preside nt of the Board of Agriculture, Lord Carrington ; Postmaster General, Mr. S C. Buxton ; Lord President of the Council, Lord Ripon; President of the Board of Education, Mr. A. Birrell; Lord Chancellor of Ireland, Justice Walker; First Commissioner of Works and Public Buildings, Mr. L. V. Harcourt.
The King has approved of the Cabinet  R.)
CHAMBERLAIN AND BALFOUR.
London, December 9.
Speaking at Oxford, Mr. Chamberlain said that nothing has taken place which in any way affects his personal relations and political connection with Mr. Balfour. He remarked that though the name of Home  Rule has: been abandoned, the policy still remains the sarne, and that Home Role would be granted by instalments on the hire system. 'He strongly advised fiscal reform based on tbe imperialist view, aiming at the inclusion of the colonies in a single confederation, all the members of which would mutually support each other. (Reuter)
MR. BALFOUR AND HOME RULE.
x	 LONDON. December 10.
Speaking at Manchester, Mr. Balfour said that House-Rule was still in the fore-front of the policy of the Liberals. He hoped that the Liberals would continue the Unionist foreign policy, bat he  did not see how a mixed administration of Big and Little Englanders would be able to secure continuity of policy.
(Reuter,
LOCAL AND GENERAL.
Austro-Hungarian Benevolent Society.
The general meeting of the Austro-Hungarian Benevolent Society will take place at 6 p.m. on the 16th inst at the Austro-Hungarian  Consulate, Cairo.
Public Health Dept.	f
Dr. J. M. Flood, Inspector of the 2nd class, Ismailia, having been pronounced medically unfit for further service, is struck off the strength of the  Department, to date from Dec. 3, 1905.
North German Lloyd.
The S.S. Seble-wig, which was timed to leave Alexandria on the 27th inst for Naples and Marseilles, will not leave on that date, but on the 21st inst. This will be a great convenience for tourists who wish to leave before the holidays.
Twitterings,
The female voice has sometimes been compared to the twittering of a bird. A man’s voice has such a different tone that it is necessary to have more than one teacher in order to under stand the pronunciation of a foreign language perfectly- Tbe lessons in the Berlitz Schools are given alternately by teachers of both sexes This is an immense and unique advantage for pupils.
Concert.
The first concert of the season will take place at the 8avoy Hotel at 4:30 p m. on the 13th inst, when M. Pierre Loredan, whose repotation as a pianist is considerable, will render the following programme :
1 (a) Far taisie en Do mineur (Mozart) ,(b) Pastorale (8carlatti).— 2. 8onate, op. 27, No. 2 (Beethoven). 3. (a) Rondo capriccioso (Mendelsohn  ); (b) Mouvement perpetuel (Weber), 4. (a)Prelude-: b) Fantaisie impromptu;(c) Berceuse Chopin).—' .Gazouillement du prin-tempa (Sinding). 6 - Il tremolo (Gottachalk).
7. (a)La Fileuse (Raff) ; (6) Si oiseau j'etais; (e) Eroic a (Henselt.—8 (a) Bacchananale; (b) Rigoletto, paraphrase (Lint).
NEWS FROM RUSSIA.
NOTHING FAVORABLE.
		S
NO DIRECT TELEGRAMS.
London, December 9.
The news from Russia continues to be the same record of mutinies, disorders, bankruptcy’ and runs on banks, expeoially savings banka. Nothing is favorable except the prospect of the termination of the telegraph strike. General Maximovitch has been sent to Saratoff to replace General Sakharoff. whose murder is ascribed to bis fierce repression of agrarian disorders.	(Reuter,
St. Petersburg,.December 9.
Some artillerymen have revolted at Gorakal-vars near Warsaw. No arrests have been made for fear of more serious disorders. (Havas
London, December 10.
There are as yet no direct telegrams from Russia.	(/Reuter)
St. Petersburg, December 10.
Two Naval Battalions have been arrested here and conveyed to Kronstadt, as the authorities feared that they would side with the workmen in the event of street disorders.
(Reuter)
THE CHATHAM COLLISION.
•	 
RESPONSIBILITY FIXED.
London, December 10.
The judgment of the Admiralty Court declares that the Clan Comming is solely responsible for the collision with the Chatham in the Suez Canal.	(Reuter,
THE NOBEL PRIZE.
Stockholm. December 10.
Nobel Prize. Medicine, Professor Koch; Physics, Professor Lenard of Kiel ; Chemistry. Professor Baeyer of Munich. for his Indigo researches ; Literature, M. Sienkiewicz ; Peace, the Baroness Sultner.	( Reuter)
GEN KUROKI AT TOKIO.
\	Tokio December 10.
General. Korokj has made an imposing entrance into the city.	(Havas)
SIRR. CLAVERHOUSE JEBB DEAD.
London, December 10.
Sir Richard Claverhouse - ebb is dead (R.)
KHEDIVIAL OPERA HOUSE.
The. Cairo thea're season opened at the Khedivial Opera House on Thursday with Paillerson’s La Souris. It is, of course, early to pronounce on the merits of the company, hot the repertoire promises well enough. La Souris, witty and clever, as is all Pailleron's work, was certainly an excellent beginning, and quite well interpreted. Mme Moreno, who has visited os again this year, was as welcome as ever, and deserved the applause she received : she had, naturally, the hardest part, supporting that sidle of the play which verges on the tragic ; and while her acting was most quiet and convincing, her voice and diction were a delight—a relief, we must oonfess, to the somewhat tapid and at times overload speech of her colleagues. The play is perhaps too natural in its reproduction on the stage of what all would understand from experience. M. Monteux was certainly good as Max. But judgment will be an easier matter after some more performances have been given. So far all seems well enough. Mme Moreno, at the conclusion of the play, recited ''Les trois Hussards,” as well as the “Adien Suzon" of Musset In both her charm of diction and expression was shown to its full, and we may well look forward to and enjoy her appearance in sub-sequent plays.
L'Ami Friz and Le Passant were given on Friday. L'Ami Fritz is a comic opera pare and simple—without the music, as idyllic as can be, plenty of - eating and drinking, pretty maidens, housekeepers, old and tried, marriage at the end, a relief in every way to the writer's other works : here was no snow, hunger, enemies, the trouble and endurance of war. It was very nicely staged and played, and such little subtleties of acting as appeared (shared by Fritz himself and his old Rabbi Councillor) were quite well brought out. The whole play has somehow a Teutonic flavour; it reminds one of the Verkaufte Braut (not that that is strictly speaking Teutonic) and other such ; and it is perhaps as good praise as need be to say that the actors all adapted themselves to it
The short piece that followed—Le Passant of Francois Coppee—was in every way different, in its exquisite verse and dreamy Italian ‘decor’ : the diction and charm of voice of the two protagonists—rather the two performers— rendered the whole a gem. Mme Moreno we knew, but her companion Mllle Franquet fully kept up the harmony, and she has not perhaps the variety and clarity of tone which signalises Mme Moreno, but she has a most musical voice, and almost all through she avoids convention.
The staging was in every way admirable) even Antoine himself might have approved it.
RIOT At ALEXANDRIA
POPULAR EXCITEMENT.
Alexandria was the scene of a somewhat serious disturbance yesterday afternoon,which, coming upon the rumours prevalent daring the past ten days, led to an extraordinary state of alarm and excitement among all classes of the population. There are various rumours as to the origin of the disturbance, but it appears that two Greeks were playing cards in a coffee-house at about 3.30 pm. in the roe de Malte,.which unites Sisters-Street with Anastasi street. They quarrelled during the game and one of the players drew his revolver and discharged its contents at his compatriot The man who was aimed at dodged,and the contents of one of the chambers of the revolver lodged in the body of an Arab, who happened to be near by, and who fell to the ground.
The Arabs in the neighborhood at once rushed on the Greek, who fled to a tobacconist's  shop, belonging to a Greek of the name of Vounapartopoulo, which was besieged and wrecked by the infuriated mob.
Fortunately the police came to the rescue of the Greeks,and with great difficulty and by the help of their bayonets succeeded in getting them to the Menshieh caracol.
TheHamamil quarter, where the disturbance broke out, is inhabited, in Urge part, by the lowest class of Europeans and natives. The former became panic-stricken and began to fire in the air from the roofs of the houses, which needlessly excited tbe natives. While this was go ng on in the Hamamil, huge crowds of Arabs came into the Mohamed Aly square, Saint Catherine's-square, Sister-Street, and all the. neighboaring quarters. Many Europeans were attacked in the streets and the trams. The mob in the Mohamad Aly-square was more rowdy than vicious, and was composed of a number of youths. But the trouble in the Hamamil  quarter and Anastasi-street was more serious. The mob smashed the" chairs and tables in the open-air cafes in the square, while the masons at work on the Urge block now being built in the Post Office street began to hurl stones and building material on the people below. The mob obtained weapons by using the legs ot the tables and chairs of the cafes aod battered any Europeans they came across.
The panic among the Europeans in the Square and its immediate neighbourhood was very great. A large number fled for refuge to Saint Catherine's Cathedral,and fainting women were borne to the Mixed Tribunals, where a number of Europeans were accommodated daring the disturbance. The guardian of the Tribunal disarmed a large number of the rioters.
We regret to state that among the victims of the mob's fury was Mr. Marsden, the sub manager of the Anglo-Egyptian Bank at Alexandria, whose ear was alit, but who was not dangerously wounded. Among other Europeans attacked was the  cashier of Messrs. Walker and Meimarachi. He was walking down Saint Mark's-street at the time, when a score of Arals, armed with nabouts, rushed after him, crying ' Death to the Christian.” He was rescued in the nick of time by the bowab of Saint Mark's Building, who pushed him into the passage of the building.
One of our reporters, who was on the spot when the disturbance broke out, was attacked by the mob in Anastasi street, and he declares that the attitude of the mob in the Hamamil was very threatening. H.E. Mahmoud Pasha-Sidky, Governor of Alexandria, Miralai Hop-kinson Bey, Commandant of the Alexandria City Polioe, Bimbashi Cobbe, Sub-Commandant, and a number of mounted police hastened to the scene of the disturbance. The most effective means employed for calming the overheated passions of the populace were the hoses of the Alexandria. Fire Brigade, which played water upon the crowd with great force and succeeded in dispersing the mob in all directions.	^
The excitement spread from the square to other parts of the town and in the Attarin quarter hundreds of Berberin vagabonds rushed through the streets with nabouts.
Quiet was restored at about 5.30 o’clock, and the Mohamed Aly square presented its usual aspect in the evening Most of the chairs and tables belonging to the coffeehouses that had been destroyed were removed and the damage visible was mainly limited to a little bro ken plate glass. The black^marbla plate of the Cassa di Soonta e di Risparmio was smashed to pieces, but on the whole litt'e damage was done, for fortunately, being Sunday afternoon, the shops had their shatters up. The streets generally were very deserted doling the evening, the number of persons about bei ng few.
The Cafe de France in the Grand Square was attacked and greatly suffered st the hands of the mob. In Anastasi-street much glass and many lamps were smashed.
During the past few days the'garrison at Fort Kom el-Dik had been reinforced, but for some unknown reason the fort was depleted of its additional troops on Saturday. Yesterday the fort’s garrison was again reinforced.
The wate r supply of the city was to have been completely cut off by the Alexandria Water Company at 8 30 o’clook last night, but owing to the urgent representations of the Governor of Alexandria and the Commandant of Polioe it was decided to leave the water supply on in case any fires broke out, or it was found necessary again to use the hose on the populace.
Abont 250 members of the Alexandria City Polioe were employed in quelling the rioting, and they effected the arrest of 160 natives. Most conflicting accounts are given as to the
attitude of the polioe during the riot. It is stated that the polioe'did not show any real determination at the beginning of the trouble, and only began to exert • themselves whan the chief officers arrived. An eye-witness says:— I was in my house in Anastasi-street yesterday when I saw two policemen taking a European away. The polioe were followed by two other officers with drawn swords. The European was not protected in front by the police and the natives threw stones at him and hit his face with sticks until it was a. bleeding indisting-uishable mass of flesh. Another European was brought along by the police and treated in the same way by the populace.
THE SCENE IN THE SQUARE.
“An Eye-witneas” write?:—I witnessed from rtbe upper story of a house on the square the disturbance which took place there this afternoon, and it may interest yon to know what I -aw. I may preface- my remarks by saying that, near the same spot, I'saw the massacre in Jane, 1882. I was also in Turkey during the massacres in 896. I do not therefore think that I am likely, to be unduly impressed by what I saw to-day. I was reading in my room when, abont a quarter past four o'clock, I beard an unusual noise in the street. Thinking -that a serious accident had happened, I went to the windows of my rooms and, to my great surprise, I saw a great crowd of persons, both natives and Europeans, rushing frantioally in all directions, as' though they were being panned. I remarked that many of the Arabs were carrying rough pieoes of wood in their hands, sufficiently large t) inflict an ugly wound, it used as a weapon; other Arabs were busy trying to break up chairs which evidently ban been stolen from a cafe near. The object of breaking up the chairs was evidently to provide a supply of bludgeons. Some of the Arabs broke the chairs by striking them against the stone roadway; others placed chairs before the passing trams, possibly with the idea of stopping tbe trams. In any case, it was evident they meant mischief. The spectacle was identical with that which I saw in 1882 and, as there was an ugly crowd of some thousands of persons at the, bottom of the Place, with which the police was evidently unable to cope, tbe situation seemed a serions one. This crowd appealed to be one solid compact mass, and it was only after the arrival	of the fire engines
that it was, dispersed into the side streets and shortly after quiet was restored I should say that the mob was not organised, but it was evident that a row of some sort was looked for, as I remarked that, as was the case in 1882, the Berberin were much in evidence, some came on foot, in groups of three or four, others by the trams They ware evidently on the qui vive. Now we shall possibly be told, by those who are responsible for the maintenance of order in this city, 'that the gamins and shoeblacks were only having a big lark ; that the whole thing was in itself unimportant, and that those who took the thing seriously are poor timid creatures who are easily alarmed.
I am not easily alarmed and my longexp-rienoe of the elements composing the population of this city warrants me in saying that a vary grave danger existed and still exists. It is notorious that, for weeks past, both Christians and natives have been busily occupied in pro-ouring arms. No one seems exactly to know why, but natives and Christians alike are nervously awaiting for something to happen. This in itself is a danger and some mens should be taken to demonstrate that the responsible European authorities,for they alone\ can be relied on, dispose of the means necessary to maintain order. It proof ware wanting of the utter uselessness in ease of emergency of the police, as it is at present organised, this shoe-black demonstration gave it Their efforts (?) to restore order were absolutely grotesque, so far as I saw. A set of special c onstates would have known better what to do.1 Many were the enquiries as to the whereabouts , of the armee d’occupation. 8ome said it would only appear if there was shooting to be done, others said that t he authorities were afraid to send troops into the town lest people should get alarmed and visitors he deterred from coming to Egypt All were agreed that it was better to be even more alarmed than they already were than risk a broken bead. Seriously, it is time that some energetic measures were taken to reassure the public, which possibly, though I dont think so, may be needlessly alarmed.
ON THE BOURSE.
This morning some timorous brokers sent off telegrams to London stating that a riot had taken place and that all settlements ware to bo kept in suspense until the situation was clear. Some prominent Alexandria stock brokers, on bearing of this, at once telegraphed to the London Stock Exchange Committee to the effect that everything was calm and that that settlements were going on as usual. This had a quieting effect and the market has been very firm all round a large number of transactions taking place.
At the time of the disturbances, about 5.80 o’clock, when the police had cleared tee people from the Frank-street end of Mohamed Aly-square the backwash of the rioters (e.g., bootblacks and other rowdy youths) were driven by the mounted polioe towards Cherif Pasha-street. There was a large crowd, standing anxiously watching the soene from the peristyle  of the Bourse. When the rabble came up to the neighbourhood of tbe Bourse all these spectators of tee fray, huddled up together, seized chairs, decanters aod glasses and with shouts of determination decided to sell their lives dearly. Ore prominent-brokerstanding  there boldly exclaimed ‘ Defendiamooi fino al l’ultimo." He then brandished a chair over his head and retired into the interior of the Bonne. His comrades remained on the peristyle  but none of them were hurt as none of the rioters ever got rear them,
THE WOUNDED
On enquiry the Alexan dria Gouvernorat  this morning we were informed that no person had been killed in tbe rioting, but ten Europeans were brought to the Menshieb Caracol in the afternoon with contusions in their heads. One native was shot by a Greek and another native was stabbed by a Greek but neither have as yet succumbed to their wounds. Both these Greek* were arrested.
MACEDONIAN QUESTION
THE SULTAN’S ACCEPTANCE.
Gazette's Special Service).
London, Monday, Deo. 11. The Saltan's complete acceptance of the proposals of the Powers has been slightly modified. The forte's conditions are, it is ex pected. to .be presented to the Power* to-day. The period of financial control in Macedonia has been fixed for two years.
Constantinople, December 9.
It is hoped that-the question of the financial control in Macedonia will soon be finally settled. The Ambassadors of ’the Powers are awaiting instructions.	(Havas
ESNEH BARRAGE.
/ - .
IMPORTANT IRRIGATION WORK.
We understand that tbs Government have decided to proceed with the construction of the Beneh Barrage, and that the contract for this important undertaking has been entrusted to the well-known firm of Messrs. John Aird and Co. The work will be commenced at once, the time allowed for .the completion of tee undertaking being four yean.
When this Barrage is finished it will bring some 240 miles on either side of the Nile, or 480 miles in all, under perennial irrigation.—a very important addition to the resources of the Government and a valuable increase in-the production of the land that brought under the in fluence of the Barrage.
UPPER NILE NAVIGATION.
A PROCLAMATION.
The following proclamation has been issued by the 8udan Government: —
Khartoum, Deo. 7.
- It is hereby proclaimed and enacted ,1.) that no steamer, ship, vessel, or boat from Bor or any place upon tee River Nile or its tributaries north of that station shall go south of Bor unless it holds a permit in writing from the officer commanding at that station or from such other- officer as may be authorised to grant such permit
2. No steamer, ship, vessel, or boat coming from any plaoe on the River Nile or its tribe-taries south of latitude 5 80 N. may come north of that latitude without a like-permit.
3 The officer commanding at Bor station and any other officer authorised to grant the •aforesaid permit may refuse any permit without reason assigned and may attach conditions to any permit Every permit shall be revocable.'
4. Any contravention of the provisions of Section 1 and 2 or of the conditions attached feu a permit shall render the steamer, ship, vessel or boat in respect of which such contravention  occurs, and its cargo, liable to seizure and confiscation, and the person in charge of snch steamer, ship, vessel or.boat, and every person abetting the contravention shall be liable to a fine and in default of payment to imprisonment
Nile-red sea railway.
As some misapprehension  seems to exist as to tee date of the official inauguration of the Nile-Red 8ea Railway, we may state that the ceremony will take place on January 27, 1906
SALT AND 80DA AMALGAMATION.
Negotiations are going on between the Egyptian Salt and 8oda Co. and the Port Said Salt Co:, with a view to the amalgamation of the two companies.
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The Messageries Maritimes SS. Congo, from Marseilles, passed the Straits of Messina on Saturday and is doe at Alexandria tomorrow.
ARISTON AERATED WATERS
Guaranteed Distilled
Alexandria	OAIRO
Alexandria : Opposite the Tnwvqt Co Works
7. Rue de la Poste
Anglo-American Nile Steamers
HOTEL COMPANY
River Transport of	Alexandria and Cairo.
THREE SAILINGS A-WEEK. / Agents at Alexandria s
Alexandria BONDED WAREHOUSE, CO. 1TB
MOER'S HOTEL, Encampment,
On Lake Moeris
In connection with the Kardon Hotel.
Fayoum.
For particulars apply Mr. Tasco
THE SUCRERIES
SETTLEMENT PENDING.
We understand that a conclusion of the negotiations  as to a settlement equitable alike to the creditors end bondholders hag almost been reached, end that definite news may be expected et any moment.
The fourth meeting of the creditor* of the Sucreries took place on Saturday afternoon under the presidency of Judge Took. Proceedings opened shortly after 3 p.m., when the judge asked Ma Carton de Wiart whether he was able to put any definite proposals before the meeting. Me. Carton de Wiarf replied (that be was still unable to do so, but that the negotiations were nearing e settlement. In reply to another question on the .pert of the President, he stated that proposals now being considered differed from those previously made in that the bondholders, instead of receiving a fixed interest, would be paid a reduced interest guaranteed by a syndicate but would retain their previous position as bondholder*. The pourparler* were going steadily forward end there was a possibility that bolder* of obligation* would be repaid at par or 25% premium. He therefore asked for a week's postponement Tbe President replied that since the 19th September matters had remained in stats’ quo and he would therefore grant not a week but a fortnight--for positively the last time—but if matters should then have made no progress the situation of the Sucreries would have to be put before the Courts.
Me. Carton de Wiart expressed his readiness to satisfy the President, end then came another development M. Dienzeda, a workman under the company, who had been injured in an accident, had been a year in the French hospital end hed never seen his pay since December 5, 1904. Me. Martino spoke on his behalf and touched on the Cronier bills, asking whether the bills had been given to cover the current accounts that M. Cronier may have had in different banks, whether those produced were renewals or had they been regularly discounted since the date of their endorsement, and in that case what was the rate of discount!
Me. Carton de Wiart replied that the causes of M. Drenzede's accident were uncertain; as far as his pay went the company was ready-to pay after verification of the claim Me. Padoa Bey remarked that tee Martino clients had no right re intervene for the discussion of the validity of the claims put in by the creditor* : which led the President to observe that creditors and shareholders were alike interested in bills representing 20,000,COO frs More explanations and discussions followed. The Oases of M. Dienzde and of M. Mariotti, an employe in a like condition, were to go ’ before the  competent court , so Judge* Jack decided, and after Professor Sampaolo had banded into Coart a number of verifications, proceedings closed till the next end positively the last mooting.
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.
 Mr. Astley Johnston and his 24 h.-p Charron ear have arrived at the Ghezireh Palacs Hotel.
Major Le Breton has left for England.
Judge H W. Halton, of Cairo, is staying at Mena House Hotel.
Capt. D. Parson end Capt Blackenridge are staying at Me a House Hotel for a few days.
There was a fashionable gathering at the Savory Hotel on Saturday evening, the Hon. P.
G. Morgan having arranged for a small sauterie to entertain his numerous friends. Dancing took place in the Salle des Fetes, which had been nicely arranged for the occasion. The music was furnished by the bend of the Rifles. Amongst those present were : M. Van dor Does de Villebois. Mme end Miles de Villebois, Mrs. von Moh, Thurneyssen Paths, Mr. end Mrs Satow Capt. end Mre. MoLean, Col. end Mrs. J K. Watson, Mrs. end Miss Johnson, Mr. Carter Wilson, Capt. end Mrs. Lyons, Mr. Mitchell lona Capt. Protheroe Smite, Major Palmer. McMurdo Tasha, M. Gennadis, Capt. and Mrs. Blakeney, Capt Hall, etc. A midnight sapper was served, at small tables in the restaurant, after which dancing was resumed and continued until late.
Mr. H. Carter Wilson entertained a number of friends to dinner at the Savoy Restaurant on Saturday evening, the guests including Capt the Hon. and Mrs. Cuthbert James, Mr. end Mr*. Satow, and Capt. McMurdo.
At another table we noticed M. de Para-vicini and a party of 3. Sir Charles* Scotter had at hie table Mrs. Fred. Scotter, M-Ostberg, Cept and Mrs.
Hall. Cept Wilson had a party of 10, includ-
Mr Alfred Mrphey had a party of 8, etc.
EDEN PALACE HOTEL,
________CAIRO,
NOTED FOR ITS EXCELLENT CUISINE
Electric Light. List.
Special terms for officers of the Army of Occupation and Government Officials