THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, MONDAY, DECEMBER ll, 1905
RUINS OF ANCIENT EGYPTIAN
CITY.

EXCAVATIONS HAVE MADE POSSIBLE AN ACCURATE PICTURE
of el amarna.
HISTORY OF ITS FOUNDING.
 Twelve years ago, on a lovely spring morning, I was walking along the east bank of the Nile, near to the village of Hadji Qandil some 180 miles above Cairo. The land around was a wide amphitheatre of sand some twelve miles across, shot in by the Arabian hills, and almost, except near the river, an arid expanse of sand. There was an awakening of life ; pigeons rose from the. beanfields in hundreds and a belated gazelle stole up from the watering place and made swiftly for the hills. Lumbering buffaloes were being fastened to the water wheels, and the women were around the wells. Away from the river all was still and silent Once, however, that sandy plain was all alive with busy men and women. Where low heaps of sand break the monotony of the plain there once stood a splendid temple and a royal palace, while the houses of priests and officials, together with shops and bazaars, formed a busy city. Though little remains of this once beautiful place there are, fortunately, preserved monuments by which we are enabled to reconstruct the town and the life of the king and its people in a wonderful manner. The Arabian hills form the wall of this circus, and the sides of these are the site of many splendid tombs of the city officials. It is no ordinary city we have to deal with ; unique in its origin, history and religion. It forms the record of a remarkable episode in Oriental history and the memorial of the dominant will and power of one of the most astonishing women of the East.
ORIGIN OF THE CITY.
The recovery and publication of the material from which to restore the picture is due to the work of Mr. N. de G. Davies, who has for many months been engaged in copying the sculptures and inscriptions in these great tombs, which have now been published by the Egypt Exploration Fund. Before describing these splendid sculptures a word must be said as to the origin of this city. Amenophis III. (B. C. 1500) had during his reign married a member of Asiatic wives, among them being Tii, apparently a princess of Mitanni or northern Mesopotamia.
The foreign element in the Theban royal harem became so powerful that a religious revolution broke out, and an attempt, for a time successful, was made to replace the great worship of Amen Ra, king of the gods, by that of the Aten, or “Solar Disk.’’ For a time only was it powerful in Thebes, and on the accession of the youthful ruler Amenophis IV , who was rigidly under the control of his imperious mother, the position became so serious that the king and court removed from Thebes to a new city which was built upon this plain of El Amarna. The idea of this abandonment of the southern capital originated with the queen mother, and that she took an active part in the work is shown by her name being inscribed, with all her titles, upon the central pillar of the great quarry from which the stone for the royal and sacred edifices was obtained.
The priest of the tombs was that Mery-Ra who was the high priest of the Atendisk in the city of Akh Aten, ''The glory of the disk.” He was also “fan bearer on the king’s right hand," “royal chancellor,’’ “A sole companion or privy councillor.” On entering the stately portion of the tomb and passing into the columned entrance hall, we see at once we have a quite different class of burial place to those which are found near Thebes. The tombs of Mery It of Paneshey are, we find on entering, veritable rock-cut mansions consisting of several stately halls and chambers. Still more marked ie the difference in the lavish mural decorations. The walls are not covered with weird scenes from the Books of the Dead or the underworld, nor do they depict scenes in the domestic life of the departed. Each tomb, from its decorations might be a royal tomb. The king and his family dominate everything. As Mr. Davies remarks : "His wife and children, his family affection, are here portrayed in detail,” and it is difficult to discover the official whose tomb it is.
In the tomb of Mery-Ra we have a picture of the house where the king visits him, and it must have been a beautiful abode. Before the entrance was a large tank, surrounded by trees. There are many courts and cool coloonnades, while a picturesque garden full of flowers and shady trees, and another large tank, beside which the owner and his family might enjoy the pleasures of home life in the evenings. In the tomb of Paneshi we have a representation of the temple of the Aten, and full details of the service. It differs from the Theban temple in many respects.
THE ROYAL FAMILY.
The offerings were fruit and flowers ; oxen were led to the temple wreathed and decorated with flowers, and the king and the queen and the young princesses came to worship, bringing offerings of flowers, incense and sweet smelling gums. Indeed, it is remarkable how great a part the beauties of nature form in the temple service. The most striking feature, however of these tableaux is the freedom of life, and the way in which the royal family mingled with the people. Seated on the balcony of the palace we see the king with his arm round the neck of the queen throwing down presents of collars and ornaments to the crowd below, or often holding the hand of one of the little princesses and throwing bunches of flowers to the children in the street. One group of dancing children in pleated skirts seems almost modern in its realism.
Very touching is one scene depicting
a choir of blind men performing before the king. Led by a harper and a leader who keeps time by clapping his hands, these poor sightless men seem to be singing the praises of the bright god of light, whose rays they cannot see. The execution of the work is wonderful, considering its antiquity. In other sculptures we see the king and queen driving across the plain in their chariots, preceded by running footmen.
Throughout the whole of this gallery of ancient pictures we strike no sad note. The shadow of death, ever present in the tombs of the Memphic and Theban age, is banished ; all is love and joy and pleasure of life. The period is a unique one in ancient history, and finds its modern parallel in the life of the French court at Versailles. But the life was a short one. The king died and was buried in a great tomb in the hills, and there was no direct heir to the throne. During this life of pleasure the affairs of State had been neglected, the great conquests in Syria and in Nubia were slipping from the hands of this effeminate Pharaoh, and it was not until the Theban power oncs more regained its supremacy that Egypt became the ruler of the ancient world. Still, however, the epoch is full of matter  of interest to the historian and the archaeologist, and these beautiful reproductions will long form the standard authority upon so interesting an episode in the ever changing panorama of Egyptian history. With the fall of the heretic line the city was abandoned, and the sand of the desert spread its veil over this ancient city of beauty and pleasure.	
VISITORS LISTS
CATARACT HOTEL, ASSOUAN.
Mr. and Mrs. Pembroke, London; Sir Stephen Mackenzie, Scotland ; Mrs. and Miss Dotti, Germany ; Mr. and Mrs. Worthington, Mr. R. Worthington, Miss Knight, Mr and Mrs. Brand, Miss Brand, Mrs. Stephen, England ; Mrs. Schwerin, Mr. Schwerin jun., Mr. G. Kritzler, Germany; Mrs. H. Walsham How, Mr. How jun., Yorkshire ; Miss E. Harrison, Miss J. Green, London; Dr. S. Gotts-chalk, Berlin ; Mr. O. Marshall, London ; Mr, Teston, Paris; Mrs. Allison Low, Mr. Mackenzie Low, Mr. and Mrs. John L Low, Scotland ; Mr. and Mrs. F. Scorer, England ; Mrs. A. Boehm, Mr. A. A. Boehm, Miss Kroner, New York ; Mrs. Pease, Miss Bewley, England; Mrs. Socolis, Mr. Raphel, Cairo; Mr. R. N. M. Bailey, England ; Baroness von Sprewitz, Miss Gulich, Mr. C. Blumhard, Germany; Miss Catherine de Komar, Miss Anna de Komar, Poland; Miss Williams, Mr. P. W. Early, Mr. A. M. Cohen, England ; Miss Joan Crewe, Lt. Col. Mackay, Mr. C. C. Macaulay, Mr. H. Forster, Vice Admiral H. C. Kane, Miss T. E. Kane, England ; Miss Alice Methley, London; Miss H. A. Simpson, London; Misses Rogers, South Africa; Miss D’Au-brey, South Africa; Mr. J. Sloane, U.S.A. ; Mr. Pierpont V. Davis, U.S.A.; Mr. and Mrs. Jno F. Finn, San Francisco ; Dr M. L. Neylon, England; Mrs Stewart Smith, England ; Mr. Max Scull, Paris ; Mr. and Mrs. E. La Roche, Bale ; Miss Ehinger, Bale ; Mr. G. Sheath, London ; Mrs. Heawarth von Bittenfeld, Berlin ; Mr. von Bittenfeld, Berlin ; Mr. T. Roche, Lausanne; Mr. F. John Ker, Cairo ; Mr. J. E. W. Boyes, Cairo; Mr. R. H. Duke, Cairo; Mr. and Mrs. Beresford, England; Miss Beresford, England ; Miss F. A Taylor, England ; Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Dunlop, Scot-land; Miss Dunlop, Scotland; Miss Neal, Scotland.
CAIRO SEASON FIXTURES
The following is a list of proposed events for the forthcoming Cairo Season :— December.
18th Monday and 19th Tuesday. } Examination of Officers. 20th Wednesday. First Winter Race Meeting. 22nd Friday. First Winter Race Meeting. January.	
8th Monday. Anniversary of Accession of
H.H. the Khedive. Review of Troops.
12th Friday. Skye Meeting.
24th Wednesday. 2nd Winter Race Meeting. 26th Friday. 2nd Winter Race Meeting. 30th Tuesday. Sports Preliminary.
31st Wednesday. Sports and Tournament. February,
1st Thursday. Field Day.
8th Thursday. Field Day.
12th Monday 
to  Rifle Meeting.
 to 15th Thursday
16th Friday. Horse Show.
21st Wednesday. 3rd Winter Race Meeting. 22nd Thursday. Field Day.
23rd Friday. 3rd Winter Race Meeting. March.
9th Friday.	Gymkhana.
12th Monday 
to  Manoeuvres.
20th Tuesday. 24th Saturday 
and  Horticultural Show.
25th Sunday. April,
First week.	E. A. Military Tournament
Last week. 	Military Schools Sports.
LETTERS T0 THE EDIT OR.
We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions expressed by our correspondents, but we which, in a spirit of fair play to all, to permit -- within certain necessary limits -- free discussion.
THE NEW CABINET.
To THE Editor OF THE Egyptian Gazette.
Dear Sir,—I noted the forecast you made of the new Liberal Cabinet. I am glad to see by to-day's news that yon are likely to be wrong. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman is keeping the men of the stamp of Lord Rosebery, Sir Edward Grey, Mr. Asquith, and the like out of his Cabinet. The last-named is especially odious to the Labour party, among whom he is .known as “butcher Asquith,” and Sir Henry cannot dispense with the aid of the Labour members, who are likely to be more numerous in the next Parliament. It would be wisest in my opinion for Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman to make a composite Cabinet of Liberals—earnest and thorough, not weak-kneed like the three above-named—Labour members, and a sprinkling of Irish Home Rulers. These last would participate, I believe, if Irish Home Rule is placed in the foremost rank in the programme. The Cabinet would then be for the first time in English history one composed of all classes in the United Kingdom, not limited as heretofore to one class and excluding men who represent Irish ideas and sentiments. With a Cabinet like that, the new Premier can face the Elections with a sure hope of an overwhelming victory. He will then be able to deal boldly and fearlessly—as he expressed it at Stirling—with every social problem, and if the House of Lords try their tactics of obstruction they will do so at their peril.—Yours troly, 	J. Amigo.
Port Said, Dec. 9.
CRUSADE AGAINST MOSQUITOES.
To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Sir,—It is sincerely to be hoped that the sensible suggestions contained in Mr. Thorwald Smith’s letter in yesterday’s ( Thursday ) “Egyptian Gazette” will be acted up to by the proper authorities, for there is no doubt that the death rate of Egypt is largely due to these moat pestiferous creatures. The success of the authorities at New Orleans in fighting the epidemic of yellow fever now prevailing in that city illustrates forcibly the old and new methods of controlling this scourge. In the country we have the old-fashioned "shot-gun" quarantine in full operation, but in the city the latest methods of sanitary science are taught and enforced. On the former we read Such reports as the following: —“The Governor has directed the Commander of the State Guard to detail as many men as might be necessary to act as guards on all trains entering the State and at all points where boats run in order to establish a strict trade quarantine against all points where yellow fever is found to exist.” It is reported that the State of Mississippi has five armed boats patrolling the coast to prevent fishermen breaking through the quarantine lines, and armed guards patrol the lines of railroads entering the State. On the other hand the health officer of New Orleans has issued the following sensible advice and information “The spread of yellow fever is easily controlled by the application of very simple rules. Whether or not New Orleans will be rid of yellow fever at an early date depends in a very large measure on the degree of assistance each householder is willing to contribute to the work of eradication. Yellow fever is transmitted by the bite of a mosquito whose breeding places are cisterns, water barrels, and similar collections of water. The mosquito bites in the daytime usually, and in order to become infectious must bite a patient daring the first three days of the fever, and then ten days must elapse before it is. capable of transmitting the disease. Mosquitoes are not dangerous after the third day of the fever. Therefore protect from mosquitoes, day and night, all cases of fever for three days and then destroy before the tenth day after the beginning of the illness the mosquitoes that are in the room." The mayor has issued a proclamation, approved by the State Board and the United States Public Health Service. which requires all citizens to allow no stagnant water on their premises ; to screen all cisterns after treating the surface with oil; to place oil in cesspools and privy vaults ; to sleep under nets; and to screen doors and windows. The Egyptian Sanitary Department ought to issue similar instructions, for not one in a thousand of the people know how dangerous the mosquito is to health.—I am. etc,
Hippocrates.
Cairo, December 8.
ADVERTISEMENT The first essential
( \ br the preservation of the toeth f J l < ts to keep them clean. S \
CALVERTS
Carbolic
Tooth Powder
V> makes the use ot your l > ? toothbrush so muoh more , (
J? complete and satiifaatory, (
? C because it perfeote the 1 < t ( cleansing, and alio supplies 1 >
C< the necessary nnti.septio J <S properties:	>
Calvert's Prickly-hest Sosp 1
) I* 4<ll(M«al tar b«th axi MM M, | j hImw of ptlellrkMl or	)
< rirtn intaSIra.-	-—■	)
J"
Chemins de Fer et Telegraphes de l’Etat Egyptien
AVIS
L’Administration a l'honneur d’informer le public qu’elle recevra jusqu'au 20 février 1906 à midi, des offres pour 1'achat du matériel roulant et pièces de rechange, provenant du Tramway à vapeur de Port-Said à Ismsailia, suivant le Chaier des charges avec nomencla ture, dont on peut obtenir un exemplaire au Service Central des Magasins à Boulac (Caire) et aux Magasins de Gabbary (Alexandrie) contre paiement de 200 mill.
Le matériel en question est concentrés à Rassowa, près de Port-Said, où il peut être examiné.
Les sonmissionnaires devront joindre à leur effre, un cautionuement provisoire ègal aux cinq pour cent (5 %) du montant de leur offre.
Les offres devront être accompaguées d’une feuille de papier timbré de 30 m/m. Elies seront adressées par la poste, sous pli rcom-mandé à :
Monsieur le Directeur Général,
Chemins de fer de I’Etat, Caire.
et sous double enveloppe, l’intérieure portant la susscription suivante :
“Offre pour l'achat du matériel roulant de la ligne de Port Said."
L'Administration ne s’engage pas à accepter Poffre la plus élevée, ni à donner suite aux soumissions présentées et elle se réserve le droit de diviser la vents.
Le Caire, le 6-12.05.	2688 -1
A V I S
La Direction Générale des Chemins de fer de l’Etat et des Télégraphes recommande, qu'en vue d'éviter des pertes de temps, toutes les correspondences officielles pour les fonctionnaires de cette Administration leur soient adre-sées à leur Bureaux respectifs et non pas à leur domicile privé d’ou ils peuvent souvent se trouver absents pour de longues périodes, par suite de leurs fonctions officielles.
Le Caire, le 9 Décembre 1905.	26894-1
A V I S
Il est donné avis que le concours qui de ait avoir lieu an Service Central de la Voie et des Travaux au Caire le lundi 11 Décembre 1905 à 3 h. p.m. pour un poste de rédacteur au dit Bureau, est renvoyé au lundi 13 Décembre à la meme heure.	
Le poste mis au concours figure sur le cadre du personnel permanent, et donne droit à la pension et les appointements minimum afférents à ce poste seront de LE 18 par mois (an lieu de LE 16 comme il avait été publié en premier lieu).
Les candidats devront bien connaitre l’an-glais et l’arabe. La préférence sera toutefois donuée à eux qui connaltrant aussi le francais.
Les demandes devront étre adressées à Monsieur l'Ingénieur en chef de la Voie et des Travaux au Caire, à qui elles devront parvenir au plus tard samedi 16 Décembre 1905.
Elles devront etre accompagnées des dooo-ments suivantes :
1) Certificat de bonne vie et moeurs signé par une autorité reconnue.
2) Certificat de nationalité égyptienne. 3) Certificat d'études secondaires délivré par le Gouvernement Egyptien.
Le candidat choisi au concours sera nommé au poste en question, s’il est reconnu physiquement apte à remplir ce poste.
Les candidats qui remplissent les conditions requises et qui ont déjà adressé leur demande, seront admis à concourir le 18 Décèmbre 1905. Le Caire, le 9 Décembre 1905.	25893-5-1
MUNICrPALITE D’ALEXANDRIE
SERVICES SANITAIRBS
^ AVIS
Le public est inform^ qo’k psrtir de oe jobr l’intardiotion spportfie aa cOodmstoe doe cbif-f«ns, en vertn de Part. 21 ‘de l’afrfite da 19 janvier 1898, csf levee
L’AMinistatmr,
W. P. Chataitat.
Alexandrie. le 7 Decemhre 1905. 2687»-3-8
Alexandra Water Company, Limited
VI8ITB AUX NOUVbAUX FILTRE6.
Bn roe dee nombreasee demmdes feites k la Compagnie par d,*s persdnnes derirant visiter fes nonveanx Pil'tres, le Conseil d’Administration a dficide de mottre k la dispiwtiOdcjeMM. lea Aoti 'nnsires et Abonces de la Coidpagnir des cartes ^’admission poor visiter ses fil&es 4 son Usine de la Porte Rusafte,' pendant une sem-ine. k, partir da 14 jdsqn’aa 81 otbrtn^ eitre les he urea de 2 et 6 p.m.
MM. ies Aetionnairee on Abends de la Com pignie qni ddiireraient visiter les Filtres, pen-vent se proonrar des oartes d’admisiion en s'adrevant anx bureanx de 1-t Compagnie N. / Boulevard de Ramleh. Ces cutes seront aooom\ pagodes d’une deco-ip’ioo sneointe des filtres afin de permettre anx visitenrs d'eo oompren dre le fonotioanement
Par orckre dn Conseil d’Administration, PAdministratenr-Direoteur, 26.900-3-1	J. E. Cornish.
NOTJOE
Merohants, Tradesmen and nthsts in Cairo wishing to do bnsiness with British firms are requested to send their names, addnwms and nartionlare of their bnsinee«es to Mr. Peter
Egyptian Trust & Investment, Limited.
NOTICE.
The Directors of the Egyptian Trust & Investment Ltd. beg to notify to the shareholders that it has been decided to make a further call of 5% per share, thus making the shares 10% per share called up.
Payments will be received at the Anglo-Egyptian Bank, Ltd., Alexandria, and Cairo on and from the 14th December until the 31st December 1905 after which date an interest of 7 % will be charged.
Shareholders are particularly requested to note that payments will only be received at the Bank on presentation of the call letter and the Nominative Certificate.	 
Alexandria, 11th December, 1905. 
Egyptian Trust & Investment Limited.
	AVIS

La Direction Gdodrale de PEgyptian Tract & Investment Limited a Photinear de prfivenir Messienrs lei Action nairas que le Conseil d'Administration vient de decider de fairs an appel de 6/- par action de telle aorta qne ; las notions seront libfirbes de 10/-
Lei paiements devront s’effeotoer k PAnglo i Bgyptian Ba-k Ltd. AU-xandrie ot Le Caire d partir <W H 'dJcembre et jusqu’au 31 dfeem I bre 1965 ; aptks cotte date les retardataixes : seront passibles d’nn in Writ de 7 %. i Messienrs les Aotionnairas sont pribs de prendre note que les paiements d la Banque . ne seront rtftu que sur presentation de la lettre dappel it du Certificat Nominatifi Aiexauurie le tl Dbcembre !9o5. 2o899-3
i Sooiete Anonyme da Behera
I >	AVIS
• \ . • Messienrs les portenra d’aotions ordinaire* sont inform** qn’ane distribatun de LB. 8 (troi«) pat auticrn ordinaire sera fatto k L Bauq'ue Impbriale 0‘ctomaue k Alexandrie k partir d<| Mardi 12 Conrant, oontre prbsenta-tion dn ooupon No. 8 des sasdlte* aotioas, en complbment da dividend* ex rnordia«ire de LK 5 votb par l’Aisemblb« Gbnbral* Extraordinaire des aotionnairas tonne le 21 Jain l9i>5.
L' Administrates-Directeur , %	_	(Signb) K W FOSTER
Alexandrie, le 9 Dbcemhre 1905. 26889-8-2
Societe Internationale des Employes
D’ALEXANDRIE Siége Social Rue Mosquée Attarine No. 21 BUREAU De PLACEMENT Offres
Une maison de Nonveaatbs (important*) demande an employ* pour la mete, f .
Un jeone homme bffrant de bonnes rbfbrui oeiet one garkntie de £1000 -demande ua em[9 d’enoaissinr ouda.caiasier.
Un oomptable oonnaissaqi le fran^xis et Pallemani ohercbe nn employ Uns maison de noaveentbs aa Caire demaudj deux demoiselles emphqrbes.
Uoe maisoa de vente. demande no jeune em ployb, ayant nn an ds .oommeroe.
Un oomptable pouvant tonir la oomptabilitb-en franfxu et en arebe oberohe tn .emptoi Ua employ* disputant de deax. henres par jonr, demande kr tonir ana jwtita- comp-tabiUtb.
Young Gentleman knowing English, French,r . Arabic, Book-keeping in Bagiisb and Arabia, Typewriting, wall experienced inoommer Dial affaire, requires a suitable situation. Highest refereuoes.	f.
N.B.— Poor tons renseignementa a’adresser aa Sifige Social de la Sooibtb, Rue Mosqnbe Attarine No. 21.
Le Seorbtariat est onvert les LnncC.-Mtreredi et Vendredi de 7 h. 1/2 k 8 h. 1/2 dn soir.
Les insertions cd-deesua sont faites gratnite-ment par les soins de la Sooibtb etseolt las sooibtaires'peuventen bbnbfioier.
Les penonnes qni font des offres on das daman dee sont pribes de joindre nn timbre k lenr.lettre, sinoti.il ne lenr sen fixit aucuns rbponse.	*'■
Nooseroyona ntile de fixire remerquer qua pour fitre admis dans re Sari* A, les employbs doivent :	.
1.	Avoir trkvaiHb in moms 8 mrik k Alexandrie i
2.	Joair anas bonnerbpatRtian;
8. Btre mania de bona oertifioau.
TSTR5—7-4-904,1
CARLTON HOTEL,
Bsutnjr (lifer fifiex—
HAMLEB’8 FASHIONABLE HOTEL.
raTBomsiD BT Tan sun
ds art'sii&"2!t —
■usimn	c. »Qmti«*.«i*tai»,
WATERLOW BROS. & LAYTON, 
Established 1811.	.	LIMITED.
Ttltpfconi No. ifo*.	P.o. Box
CONTRACTORS TO THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT,
Printers, Stationers, Lithographers, Engravers,
ACCOUNT LOOK MANUFACTURERS & MACHINE RULERSy
WOHK8 :	RUE MAeoOlb MfLLtS COLONNtS, klENAVER,
ALEXANDRIA.	,
rtaJ Office--	HAROLD SHELDRICK,
24 A 23, BIRCHIN LANE, LONDON.	ftanafMnBgypt. ^
ROME.
	
■ 'wwi' *-■•••.;;;	
GRAND HOTEL EXCELSIOR.
r Openln* January 1900.
LEADING ffOTEL IN THE ETERNAL CITY.
4/50 BEDROOMS AND SITTING- ROOllfS. tso. BATHRQ"MS.
Fifst Class throughout. s .
96868 24-2
*S“ N. SPATHIS «•
Soda Water. Lemonade, Ginger Ale, Ginger Beer, Tonio Water Fomegranade, Orangeade, Pineapple/ Champagne, Cider, eto., eto. Water guaranteed by Oxaicberlain'b Filtex (Paetetje’s Ststm). Inventor of WHISKY A SODA and BRANDY A SODA, bottled ready for use. Sou Aawrr m Eamr St Sopan foe l. CALVRT St Oo. ... /...	...	Bobdeaux	Wine A'Oognacs.
'iQUIS ROEDHRER ...	............ Rntn	Champagnes.
AUGUST RNGEL ................. ... Wnmres Rhine and Moaolle Wine*.
ULAOKIS St Oo. _	... GumowLagavolin, White Hone Cellar St otherWbiikiM.
DUNYILLKAOo , Ln>.	........Beutaet Old Irinh Whbkies.
W«. LAN AH AN St SON..... .........BxuiHOMMonongiheUXXXX Whiskey
OOK St BEBNHEIMER Oo. ... Nnw Yom Old Valley Whiskey Gold Lion OoekisiH STONE A SON .	..	... Loiroow Oninne-a'.fitont AB“»*'Pal-.V«
ALT HLSENEtZER BRAUHAUS............In Pomnbtz P.lsenet*or Beer.
FREUND BAIaLORAOo.......	....... Toamo Verm..mh
PtteltttyHTRglM1...................Cam Vermouth St Aprritivs
rSBRABONA! TEA Cowaht, Lb. ...	Teas.
Vipot for PrineAM«ttornfoh’s"Rieh*rdjqnene." tbelbst mineral table wafer in the world Great aseortaieat of Wine#,- Bplrite, Liqueur*, ot the flneet Brands *t«.